Tiny peach cakes
DEAR MADAM:
I was 12 and had been to a concert with my family. Afterwards, we were outside waiting for a shuttle. I, being tired and bored, leaned against a pole. A car full of dudes drove by and yelled "HOW MUCH?" to me. I didn't even know what they meant. My mom had to explain to me about stereotypical prostitute poses and what they may signify. I was mortified.
Hi! I'm a rare books and manuscripts librarian/curator. I'm on mobile so I can't really do any research for you, but first off OP well done for keeping good care of your family's book! It looks to be in a presumably acid free box and that's just what you want. When looking at it try and make a cradle for it so the covers aren't bending the spine. We typically use big foam wedges for so etching of this size.  In terms of valuation, looking up books from around the same year won't give you a clear idea of its value. The Bible, like it or not folks, is the most printed book ever. There are thousands of editions of early Bibles, and their value can be determined by a lot of things such as it being the first Bible printed in a certain geographic place or the first edition to include a particular new translation, etc. So you see, the specific edition and year of publication can make a huge difference, for a second, third, or fourth edition printed someplace new, is not nearly as I interesting as the first edition.  Quality and other factors unique to the book are also important. Yours looks to be in quite lovely shape, but a detailed evaluation would have to be made to figure out the collational formula.* OP, is there any place in the book where someone has written a family tree or anything close? It maybe in an unexpected place. This can often be of interest to collectors. There are a lot of lovely graphics in your copy, which could also certainly be of interest to a buyer.  Long story still long, you aren't going to get a good valuation simply by googling. That being said, a complete codex from the 17th century is rad and its very wonderful that your family has kept good care of it. Get an appraiser to take a look at it if you want a value. Don't take it to a museum or library. We can't give you a value, its a conflict of interest.  One last word on value. Most people tend to want a hard and fast dollar amount for something. But rare books and manuscripts have their own markets that fluctuate and have their own trends. It can also be finding the right buyer. A lot of times dealers and auction houses are making educated guesses.  *a collational formula is a rendering of exactly how a book is gathered physically together. This tends to be pretty straightforward with modern publishing. So, for example, you might have a very logical 20 gatherings of 12 pages each. With old books, it is rarely so neat or tidy. You often find huge idiosyncrasies from gathering to gathering. Librarians do this for two main reasons: 1. It helps them to see what changes the publisher may have been making during the printing process. Often publishers would make edits and changes while in the middle of printing a single edition. 2. This allows us to figure out if/how a codex has been altered over time. Are pages missing, replaced, or added? This is the best way to find out.
Yeah, I remember seeing this on /r/funny a while back and it just made me sad. At a wedding the golden rule is: "It's not about you, asshole." And this is a great example of this.   Also, most brides pay extra to have a tossing bouquet as they keep the one they used in the wedding (e.g. drying the flowers, etc.). So congrats dude, you should give them $40 bucks.
It's won me many a game : )
PREACH
This may not be what you're looking for if your problem is just seasonal - but I have pretty dry skin and this used to be a big issue for me. And I found that getting your skin in as good shape as possible is really key to making it look good. I make sure I wash my face really well - I just use a basic cleanser but I use a clairsonic - I think it really works wonders. Next use a chemical exfoliant. I'm addicted to Dr. Dennis Gross Alpha Beta peel (aka Black Magic Face Pads) but they are NOT cheap. If this is not a constant issue I don't know that you would find the investment worthwhile. There are other peels that have some of the same ingredients though. After that, I then moisturize giving time for it to sink in well, and then I follow with primer - also giving it sink in time. Then I use my Bare Minerals foundation that I use all over followed by the tinted mineral veil. I'm using the compact formula now which has a bit more coverage than the loose powder - when I used that I would use a powder concealer to touch up any red still shining through. This way it was easy to blend it into my overall foundation.  I sometimes find with blemishes and nose dryness liquid concealer can often get cakey especially as the hours pass on.
It would afford the same control the pill gives to women - having personal and discreet control over your re-productivity. It was probably more revolutionary when it was made available to women because the other methods are often complicated, unreliable, or unavailable to women of social status. [Try getting  getting your tubes tied or even getting an IUD as a woman who hasn't had children *now, much less 53 years ago].   Men do have the option of condoms, though I understand many men don't like to use them, and relatively easy access to vasectomies (which can be reversed). The pill however is a discreet and simple way for personal control.
This is a well-meaning and legitimate question: why did you take your kids with you to Ikea?  We live near one and my husband and I go fairly often just to eat meatballs and stock up on tealights and crab paste (KRABBA!). But I see kids swarming all the time; I almost stepped on one when it divebombed in front of me. But I've *really* always wondered why they are even there. And if they are, why they aren't in Small-land?
You look fantastic!
SWEET SWEET PEARLY
She's probably thinking you're the oblivious one, op.   Talking ad nauseum about another guy is probably an attempt at gently letting you know that she is not interested in you romantically. She likes you enough to not reject you outright, and is hoping you get the hint.  EDIT: To be clear, I am not endorsing this behavior - just pointing out her possible motivations.
Yes. And OP, and everyone else for that matter, **please** always give proper credit to the artist when you post their work. For reference this piece is by [Hsin-Yao Tseng](http://www.hsinyaotseng.com). This is copyrighted work, and I'm sure he doesn't appreciate this infringement without lack of credit or proper citation. Not to mention mis-attributing the city.  He has a show opening on October 5th at the Waterhouse Gallery in Santa Barbara, CA. SoCal Redditors should go and support great art!
Check out the Lebanon, South Lebanon, Morrow, Kings, Landen, etc. They are all not far off of 71 and the state highways in and out of Wilmington. Close enough to easily get to Cincinnati if you are so inclined. There's plenty of apartments there!
FREE tickets to the Silk Screen Asian American Film Festival anyone?   Hey Pittsburgh! I just received two tickets at my workplace (out of the blue) to the [Silk Screen Asian American Film Festival](http://www.silkscreenfestival.org/). Only problem is, I live in Cincinnati and have no plans to make it out to Pittsburgh in the coming week! The festival is from Today (May 10th) through the 19th. They are $10 face value, and are good for admission to any film presentation at the Regent Square Theater, Melwood Screening Room, or the Carnegie Museum of Natural History. It does say it is not valid for special events.  If anyone would like these two tickets, I will gladly send them to you in the mail - just PM your address!
I think I remember the place! Never tried it though - I always saved my stomach space for [MOMIJI MANJU](http://i.imgur.com/SdFROwK) when heading to Miyajima!
First off, I'm a rare book librarian/curator that specializes in Medieval Manuscripts. The notation method is known as [neumes](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neumes), the predecessor to our modern musical notation. It appears as early as the 9th century, though this is obviously much later. To my eye this is definitely mid-15th century. It is written on vellum/parchment, and has been repaired with the same.   You had a picture of the "interesting repair work"...this is some vellum from a smaller (in actual size) codex; you can tell from the line of prickings along the edge. [Parchment would be folded and pricked](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_0akEes4NNw), that way, when the scribe was writing out the lines of text - they would be in a uniform spot throughout the codex. It looks like they got prick happy with the rest of the corner and ended up using it as repair spot.  The stitching was fairly common in poor quality vellum. When you create vellum/parchment it involves stretching the skin very tautly on a frame and then scraping it with a mezzaluna knife to remove skin, hair, etc. To an inexperienced maker, they can easily rip holes. Sometimes, they occur naturally - perhaps a cut on the animal prior to death. While finishing the vellum, they would sew up the holes and you can often see it in manuscripts. Sometimes scribes would [even write around the stitching or existing hole.](http://library.osu.edu/blogs/rarebooks/files/2008/12/gui_mss-hole.jpg). [Here's one where the stitching has fallen out or disintegrated over the years](http://library.osu.edu/blogs/rarebooks/files/2008/12/gui_mss-hole.jpg).   This is an old binding, but not original. The main reason I can tell is that your text block has been trimmed. If you look on your first illumination page, you can see where the top is cut off. I would also say that this might only be part of the original book. 120 pages seems quite short for an Antiphoner of that size. I wouldn't be able to tell for sure though without examining it more closely and whipping out some collational formulas. Don't worry, this is very, very common with old codices. If I were to guess at this point on the binding without examining it, I would say that it probably 16th-17th century.   Lastly, for the time being, I don't know who your friend talked to, but this is worth far more than a few hundred. Just the fact that you have (at least) a partial codex it's worth much more than that. It's frankly, not in *great* physical condition, but I've certainly seen worse. Unless the dealer thought it was fake, I see absolutely no reason why he would quote them such a low price. And to my eye, it looks genuine.
It was a hell of a play!
Ha, yes, I was! It was really awesome, it was my first year too. Bruce was definitely great; I thought everyone was really super.
Almost everyone. Votto and Frazier were definitely there, but they seemed to be only taking pictures with kids. I was standing next to two cute kids, so I was able to take creeper photos. The only players (excluding DL) I didn't see were Heisey and Chapman. And they had said in the invitation that the day's pitcher and catcher wouldn't be out, so no Bailey - though I did get one with Mesoraco! I also got pictures with Paul, Simon, Ondrusek, Broxton, Cingrani, Hannahan, and Robinson. Latos and Arroyo were there too, but I was busy getting another picture and I didn't manage to catch them.
This saved my skin (literally!). I had a waitress drop a pot of boiling water (for tea) right on my lap causing second degree burns. A few centimeters and it would have gotten my lady bits! A friendly chemist in the Blue Mountains recommended the oil and a vitamin E lotion. Absolutely no scarring whatsoever.
Ctrl+F: Doctor Who. [Good.](http://i.imgur.com/aOehksN.gif)
Yep, the adjudication of the cases more than triples when the death penalty is sought.
I never quite understood why it was so freaking difficult. I was seven or so when it came out, and like many young girls at my age, was obsessed with dolphins (thanks, Lisa Frank). I had been gaming since birth (my dad bought me an NES when I was 2), so I had a bit of a leg up on many of my  girlfriends who desperately wanted to play. That and I already had a Sega Genesis. I still think I only would get to level 3 and fail. I even went back a few years ago to give it a shot, and got about half way through before rage quitting. It just boggles me that you would make a game where you are a freaking dolphin at the height of dolphin craze, a *perfect* way to get young girls into gaming...and then you make it stupidly hard to play. Asinine.
BRB Clearing browser history.
Richard Branson needs to buy this place and make the world's scariest haunted house
My two favorite, no less!
AND HE HAS HIS BUCKET
I want to go to there
I have to put forth Jim Grobe at Wake for doing the  most with the least. I mean this in a broad sense of not just talent, but also dealing with resources. Let me explain:  Wake has never been known as a football powerhouse - hell, we're the third smallest FBS school (behind only Rice and Tulsa) with only 4,000 or so undergrad students. That's not a whole lot of alumni to draw from in terms of funding...they're dedicated; but it was pointed out in the Orange Bowl in 2006 (which they lost against Louisville), that if every living alumni and student went to Dolphin Stadium...they still wouldn't fill it up more than half way.   So, they comparatively don't have the alumni base to donate the big money for the football program. Being a small private school also means that we don't have a ton of in-state or other fans just because...say like, UNC or OSU.  Secondly, Wake is a top 25 school that is highly competitive and academically very challenging. It's hard for dedicated athletes to keep up with both. And there are definitely not a whole lot of majors to "hide in". The classes sizes are very small and the faculty is not disposed in the slightest to give the athletes any extra leniency.  All of these things lead to smaller resources, and fewer opportunities to recruit top athletes. Yet somehow, Grobe has managed to make competitive teams with what he has.  TL;DR: With few monetary resources and an environment not conducive to big programs, Grobe has managed to make something out of nothing.
Freeze them!! FREEZE THEM NOWWW! /endAaahnoldvoice