Ran out with city players on a warm up, jumped in photos with the England team jetting off, stormed the stage at Glastonbury when Kanye was playing and I'm sure there are others that I'm forgetting. All those he was chastised for as it was twattish, he's done the same here but he's been lucky that's why I said he lucked out that everyone is saying it's funny. If it wasn't blatter everyone would just call him a bell per usual like he is. He's also the "star" of one of the worst shows ever produced called The Lee Nelson Show
2 good things have come from this then, great photo of blatter and hopefully never have to see him do "comedy" ever again
I love how much you hate United, it's top seeing a "Southampton" fan go on  Also Rio had played in champs league and World Cup and shaw had the same if not a bit more experience
The legend himself
Oh of course not but Fabian will more than likely still say it
It's his release clause
Yeh we definitely should have spent 32.5 million on someone who will sit on the bench, definitely. Also for people who will comeback with Di Maria he was bought to be a starter not sit on the bench it's just not working out at the minute where as benteke wouldn't displace Rooney
Same
AD the Dutch paper
Ronaldo
Hahahahahahaha
No they aren't
Jesus what a little wankstain
Telegraph isn't paywall unless for people outside the UK it is
Happily
Why do you hate him?
Just quite confident that we will get him, can't really explain why I am but I think because a lot of players are on holiday that's why nothing is happening and being said that seems like it's on the cusp
Fowler, McManaman, Beglin etc
I've posted before about meeting The King on here and I'll just say it all again he was amazing, kept me talking about football, got pictures with him and just an all round great bloke and a pleasure to talk too and spend some time with.   My grandad always goes on about him, Best, Charlton, Byrne etc but when he talks about the holy trinity he gets a glint in his eyes and you can still see the wonder. He says he's the greatest striker he's ever seen play football not just for United and my grandad has watched a lot over the years. He had it all according to him and could do everything you wanted in a striker, he is The King
Them and Real leaking loads of shit to their mouth pieces
Kevin Bacon
Which God? Several Gods?  Was it Gorr the God Butcher?
Build a suit that could possibly beat superman
Please be Rich Please be Rich Please be Rich
Petr Cech Yourself Baines on toast
Because Cartoon Network have no soul.
Rosenknospe
Die Hard
Think you would really like the whole marvel cosmic run by Abnett and lanning. It starts with annihilation and goes up to the thanos imperative. It features the guardians of the galaxy and that run is the basis of the film apparently, also nova, Quasar, silver surfer and galactus plus more of marvels heavy cosmic hitters. It is excellent. There is a post that has the reading list, I'll try and see if I can find it.  As also mentioned Silver Surfer Requiem is brilliant. Also Thor god of Thunder is absolutely superb, brilliant story and stunning artwork
Felt completely disconnected from the world, things I loved like sport, my friends, videos games, movies etc didn't matter. Hated myself more than i usually did and felt suicidal, not god I wish I was dead but I went and bought rope and was getting everything ready for when I did it. Told my friend and she pretty much went off on me for keeping it a secret and not telling anyone, told me she would be there for me and help out and convinced me to go to the doctors. Was on tablets for about a year and have been off them for about 5 months now and feel like a new man. Still feel shit somedays but it's a hell of a difference to what I was like.
Was one I did when I was bored and was nothing more than childish but I gave out 2 notes on asking people to call back "Mr C Lyon" and "Mr G Raff" The number I gave them was for a zoo. Childish but made me chuckle watching them on the phone
R2D2