Bernie Sanders Is Turning Crowds Into Volunteers in Iowa: Clinton is still better organized here, but Sanders is staffing up and building an infrastructure to support his surprising insurgent campaign
Nearly one-fifth of the raw groundwater used for public drinking water systems in California contains excessive levels of potentially toxic contaminants, according to a decade-long U.S. Geological Survey study
Opposition mounted Friday to a surprise Republican budget measure that would exempt from Wisconsin open records laws nearly everything created by state and local government officials, including drafts of legislation and communications with staff
Honduran authorities have issued an arrest warrant for federal lawmaker and Congress vice-president Lena Gutierrez, along with 15 other people accused of defrauding the country's health ministry, the head of the supreme court said on Tuesday
Texas' conservative Republican Attorney General Ken Paxton called the Supreme Court decision giving same-sex couples the right to marry a "lawless ruling" and said state workers can cite their religious objections in denying marriage licenses
Gun control won't prevent another Charleston-style shooting, says Jeb Bush: Ahead of South Carolina visit, Republican presidential candidate says it is better to identify potentially violent people before they commit crimes
A UN panel that advises the security council has called for internet and social media companies to respond to the exploitation of their services by al-Qaida and other extremist groups who use the web to recruit fighters and spout increasingly horrific propaganda
The mighty lion, reclusive cave crabs and the world's rarest sea lion are among nearly 23,000 species at risk of dying out, a top conservation body warned
Fossilized remains of a new bat species, which lived 16 million years ago, walked on four limbs and was three times larger than today's average bat, have been discovered in New Zealand
Libya's recognized government said on Sunday that Algerian veteran militant Mokhtar Belmokhtar, a major figure in North African and Sahel Islamist insurgencies, has been killed in a U.S. air strike inside Libya
Israel on Sunday launched a pre-emptive assault on an upcoming U.N. report into last year's war in the Gaza Strip, saying the report is unfairly biased and issuing its own report that blames Gaza's Hamas militant rulers for the heavy civilian casualties
The Fifth Circuit Just Stuck A Knife In Roe v. Wade
A federal appeals court on Tuesday threw out a pair of high-profile lawsuits challenging the Obama administration's sweeping plan to address climate change, saying it's too early to challenge a proposed rule that isn't yet final
A Texas company whose ruptured pipeline created the largest coastal oil spill in California in 25 years had assured the government that a break in the line while possible was "extremely unlikely" and state-of-the-art monitoring could quickly detect possible leaks and alert operators, documents show
Thousands of demonstrators marched in the German resort town of Garmisch-Partenkirchen on Saturday to protest against a meeting of leaders from the Group of Seven (G7) industrial nations that starts on Sunday at a nearby luxury hotel
Thanks for the heads up.
I was out of work for a year in an industry which was consolidating. Yes i networked and even move to another city where I had more contacts. I was a finalist for two jobs and both fell through.   I did stay in the job and remain there. I now make more than the minimum wage.  I find your questions having to justify my existence demeaning and insulting.
Except, in Africa with some of the worst health care in the world, [the mortality rate is scantly above 50%.](http://www.businessinsider.com/r-death-toll-in-west-africa-ebola-epidemic-reaches-2622-who-2014-9)
All well and good if both sides have the money to get their message across. However, when those making false statements can outspend those with the truth by 10, 20 or a hundred times there is a need for the government to intervene.
Even a broken clock is right twice a day.
First you send the the country into the Great Recession. Then the government bails out your company so that it is now profitable. Finally you feel wronged and sue the government for $25 billion. That is a new level of crass capitalism. Greenberg should have been jailed with all the other banksters.
A 2,000-year-old stonemasons chisel that may have been used in the construction of Jerusalems Western Wall has been unearthed at the bottom of the structure along with a number of Second Temple-era objects, claims an Israeili archaeologist  This is the lead paragraph of the story. The headline does not match the story.
This my comment I posted to the story about their tagging:  This is the story's exact quote:  In 2006, Mactec, an independent contractor, inspected the waste pond and found "potentially serious seepage." Duke Energy was told to watch its underground pipes for leaks, according to documents from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency  Do you have any issues with my story headline?
It seems like you don't understand that you are a controversial figure. The way to back down the rhetoric is not to want to lead every subreddit in which your name is mentioned.   You mod enough communities to gain experience. You do not need to add another one to your belt.   Other communities may not mind you but there are a significant number that do. But if all you want is a fight then continue to demand to be added to this and every other subreddit that disagrees with you.
My comment to them:  The man whose song, We Shall Overcome, was adopted to lead the Civil Rights movement; the man whose songs led the Vietnam War protests; a leader in the struggle for human rights, social justice has died but his death is off-topic for politics. I really don't know what country you live in. This is one insult too many. Please leave the stage now your judgement is flawed. Your rules are inane and your political prejudices are too big.  EDITED: Grammar
Of course his probation will be shorten for good behavior. /s   If an accomplice to a bank robbery destroyed evidence would they get probation. I think not. White collar criminals need to pay the same price as other criminals.
Turkey believes these lands were theirs and the all Kurds are really Turkish people. By the way Turkey has entered Iraqi Kurdistan on a number of occasions since 2003 to show their territorial claims and to pursue Kurdish rebels.
I'm not questioning if there could have been a stable political structure built in Iraq. However, if you break it you ought to fix it. That is why the US invasion of Iraq was a fool's errand from the beginning.
Nothing in that statement is even slightly factually unsound. Yet this kind of statement gets you labelled a 'denier' in the same vein as a holocaust denier? Can't you see that it's this shit right here that turns so many people against the climate debate?  [Most people are not against climate change science.](http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2013/nov/13/climate-change-red-state-opinion-america-study)
I"m sorry if it seems like I was singling you out. I was making a point to a large number of responses I had to that post both publicly and privately. I understand that you can still post, read and vote on r/politics after you unsubscribe. The act of unsubscribing says to the mods that they are winning by driving out the undesirable elements. By staying we say we will not be driven out by your arbitrary actions meant to drive away progressives.
You take on Snooves, who once tried to ban me for posting too frequently from the AP. I want to expand it to the current state of the mods.  Mods like GuitarFreak027 and avnerd have little or no interest in r/politics looking at their user histories. Yet these two mods got or retained full permissions on this site. Others like maxwellhill, anutensil, mrmajorly and Samuel_Gompers who used to have full mod status are relegated to secondary roles even though they are regular participants.  It is these actions along with the banned list that make it seem like there has been a coup. When we look at the political make up of the mods the site has seemed to take a severe turn to the right. This is not a left or progressive site put it does have a majority of users who are left of center.   The community didn't lose default status because we were too left but because the discussion too often was toxic. The way to improve the site is not to kick out those left of center but to moderate the tone of the community.  The mods have lost the trust of many us and we ask them to reconsider their decisions and restart. There is no shame in going back and redoing what has already been done. I don't see any other way for the mods to regain our trust.  Take a deep breathe and lets give it another try.
It is not a loophole but a recognition by the federal government that Native peoples are sovereign peoples living within the borders of the US. They follow our federal laws just like other states but they can make their own local laws. Even under these circumstances Native people populate the US military in greater proportions to their actual population than any other racial group in this country. So I don't see they are getting anything that they don't deserve or are owed.