op's mom's pussy
"Hey guys you wanna see something?"  *crowd erupts in cheers*  The room goes dark. Footage begins to play.  It's Kylo Ren. He removes his mask to reveal Benedict Cumberbatch.  "MY NAME IS KHAN!"
What's "current" depends on where on the internet you are. For people on Facebook, they've never even heard of "dank memes". For people on Reddit, it's current. For people on 4chan, they would cringe if they heard someone say "dank".
Man this is awful, never been to /b/ but didn't know their sense of humor was so shitty.
I don't want Star Wars to go down the path of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Every film in the MCU is formulaic and uninspired. The Marvel movies aren't films as art, they are films as a product. I don't know about you but I much prefer films as art, and I believe Star Wars films have been art for the past 30 years or so. The MCU is entirely forgettable, and that's what Star Wars will become. Soon, Star Wars won't be special. It'll be another peg on the Hollywood machine, and it makes me sad to think about.   Telling the backstory of every character cheapens them. You know what Obi-Wan did while on Tatooine? Nothing. He was a hermit who hid around watching Luke grow up. That's what I think. Maybe you think something different. But if we get a trilogy of Obi-Wan films, then both of our personal backstories are rendered void. And instead we get some generic blockbusters about how Obi-Wan secretly dueled with a Sith or something. I don't want that.   I know I'll get downvoted for this but I'm speaking my mind anyway. What you call enrichment of the Star Wars universe, I call the cheapening of the great original story.
Yeah but the good thing was that you could dismiss it. I, as well as many other people, only care about the films. The EU was great because it allowed for the people who were hungry for more SW content to have access to it. But let's face it, if you made a movie about a cloned Palpatine, or whatever other ridiculous, glorified fan fiction makes up the EU, it would be trash, and it would also detract from the original films. But that's just my two cents.  Same goes with Rebels and Clone Wars. Disney can say that Ashoka is canon, but most people would agree that no, Anakin didn't have an apprentice.   I don't want to know what happened to Han before ANH. Let the viewer decide, because it doesn't matter. I don't want to know how Boba Fett came to be, the mystery that surrounds him is his best part. Don't shove characters into movies based on the fact that people like them, because it can destroy the artistic integrity of their story.   Star Wars is a vast universe of endless wonderful possibilities. Tell a new story for Pete's sake.
We are not getting a trailer guys. Occam's razor. It's much more likely that we're not getting one than JJ and EW pulling off some elaborate surprise.
I think it will happen in TFA, and I hope it does, because I think it's a great plot point. However, I am mad that I won't get the full effect because I'm already expecting it. That's what happens when you browse this sub I guess.
They tried slapstick comedy with Jar Jar. Look how that turned out.
Boba Fett has no place in Ep7. THAT would be lazy storytelling. I can see Luke going to the darkside under certain circumstances, despite the fact that it is a retread of Vader, and goes against his character. I'm not hoping for that though.  What I do want to see is good writing, as in dialogue that doesn't make you cringe. I also want to see some new and interesting characters, things we haven't seen before. My worry is that JJ will try too hard to focus on the OT and the past, that he won't be able to move us forward enough.  In terms of the returning cast, I really only care about Luke. Han and Leia seem like they are characters who were never meant to get old. I don't really want to see old Leia in a slave outfit or old Han struggling to catch his breath while walking.  All in all, I want to see something written well that is not too hung up on the OT.
No proof, but considering the amount of characters it's entirely possible. I just wanted to hear the opinions of others.
Test cut too bloated character-wise?   I was in a SW thread on 4chan and someone said that a test cut was shown to the guys at Disney and no one really knew what to make of it because it was very bloated in terms of characters.  Now obviously we can take this with a grain of salt because there was no source or explanation, but it got me thinking that he may be right considering the amount of characters which will be featured in TFA. I would list them all but I'm sure everyone here is well aware.  So I wanted to know your thoughts on this.
Ayyyy le Mao
That's also one of the reasons you can't have Chris Pratt. He is Chris Pratt in every role. I agree with you on Bradley to a degree though, I just think he looks a lot like young Harrison Ford.
Chris, you are quite obviously one of the biggest guys in Hollywood now due to your charm and charisma. How do you stay humble despite all of the attention?
Hey Chris, I'm a big fan, as you can probably tell from my username. I was wondering what advice you had for an aspiring young person trying to break into the acting industry?
Star Wars Battlefront Endor Concept Art Revealed
This time ara is the worst for women
Some crackers and brie cheese, and Mario Kart.
Some designs are by me and some were just copied from pictures I found on the internet. They're meant to be at a size compatible with minifigs. Also, sorry for the crappy phone camera quality.
My Lego Pokemon collection
A real human bean
/r/HighQualityGifs
double*
Replying to the top comment to get more karma. I will also split my comment in 2 to get doubel karma.
What's your favorite word?
Hey Nick, big fan. Just wanted to ask, who is your favourite stand-up comedian(s)?
Is it bad I watched the whole thing?
Ok, thanks a lot!
I often get these kinds of thoughts. I suddenly become aware of how easy it would be for me to just whip out my dick and rub it on random people.
Any Malaysian Airlines plane.
[How wude!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKb0c7jW1gQ)