Exploration. I think FFVII had some of the best cities and locations in video games. I'd love to explore a huge Midgar, both above the plate and under it. Or run through the whole casino world of the Gold Saucer including tons of games and new areas.
Not with VAW, but does it look like the top one [here?](http://www.markstyling.com/e2c1.htm) You can click to zoom in on it.
Haha my first thought too!
That was a really great show.
I imagine the recommended way to open this is to grab the bottom rung and do some kind of spin/flip so that the rest of it shoots out to full length in a badass fashion.
Oh yeah, I had [this whole set](http://www.cardboardconnection.com/1991-topps-desert-storm-trading-cards) including all the Schwarzkopfs!   Before the Internet it was a pretty sweet way to browse pictures and facts about all the troops and weapons involved.
Thanks for the reply!
Woo Minnesota!
That's really badass.
That's a good point...I was just wondering about the kind of people they accept. Like if they only pick a few and they are all prior-service and security cleared, than maybe I should work on building up my qualifications a bit first.   From looking around online, the only people I could find that were accepted into the program were Jeb Bush's son, Joe Biden's son, and the Mayor of LA...
100% agree
I lived in Chongqing for about 6 months and then in Beijing for a short while a few years later. I think there are definitely a lot of cool elements that you can find around the country, with as big as it is. My biggest impression was that growth and change are so fast that you'll see brand new buildings built right in the midst of old hutongs and a mix of old and new everywhere.  So it ends up being pretty cool to eat noodles from a street vendor cooked over a little charcoal stove, and then walk across the street to a neon-lit club blasting techno and k-pop.   I'd definitely recommend it, but you may want to visit first or study there before taking the plunge and actually moving there for work.
Wow, cute!
Wow that's really great to see. Thanks for posting!
100% second this. Doing dumbbell bench and felt a sharp pain in my deltoid. Figured I'd man my way through it...  I was lucky enough to avoid surgery but my maxes have never been the same since. As much as it hurts to have to take a break in lifting in the short-term, it's way better than the risk of doing long term damage.
Awesome album, thanks for posting!
Watch out, creative class: Robots are coming after your jobs, too
wow, nice!
Good detective work
A Chinese company is pioneering the technology to let parents pick their smartest embryo (x-post worldnews)
Congrats!
Well said.
She's pretty
Anyone tried the Chipotle tofu? I've heard good things but I live on the east coast.
They are pretty shabby. Same goes for any of those "all-in-one" gadgets you find from Chinese/Hong Kong sellers. I bought an MP3/MP4 video/music player. The video function never worked and it would only let you listen to tracks straight through. If you tried to skip ahead or shuffle it would reboot itself. Total crap.
God I'm totally with you guys. I had a great day yesterday, ate healthy, worked out and figured I could do it again today...nope! Had projects galore pop up and will now have to skip working out, eat something fast and work until 9 to get it all done.  The only advice I have is to think of all the work you're getting done as one step closer to improving your life overall. I just log every major project and late night I have so I can bring it up during my review.
Thank you! I can't believe I had to go this far in to find a level-headed post like this. Personally some of my best memories are playing Battlefront on my 360 with my brothers, so I'm looking forward to doing it again in the future.
Spot on
It almost sounds like "Oh Yeah" by Yello, from the Ferris Bueller movie:   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OG_6CopW9GQ
This sums it up. No matter how good you think it would feel to just ditch them, you would only be screwing yourself in the future. Never burn bridges and try to make good relationships. You would be surprised how often you end up relying on them in the future.
As an American I support it (so long as it is democratically agreed upon by both sides of course.) I think America is really more than just a country, it is an idea. It was formed by people from a variety of countries, religions, and languages who came together for the freedom to live the way they wanted. If both parties want this, then I say the more the merrier :)
Wow, she cannot look bad even if she tries.