You don't say?
Independence Day miracle.
Adventure Time pottery piece I made!
What are some fun things to do in Lincoln that not many people know about?
You may have more luck posting on r/rateme (http://www.reddit.com/r/Rateme/)
Courthouse in Nebraska - photo by Tim Vrtiska
Violin!
Do I have a television and electricity?
I like the rectangular glasses, but not the "nerdy" ones, I like the tattoo on your arm!...and btw, where is the right side of your face?
Close enough
My anatomy teacher told our class that a marathon runner has miles and miles more blood vessels in their lungs than an average person does.  I'm sure lots of other things happen too, but other than that, I don't know.
"the front page of the internet"
Van Gogh Puff Paint! (cross-post from r/crafts)
I think the general population views me as nice...and for the most part I agree.  At the same time people can't read my mind, so they don't know what I'm actually thinking...
Good morning human!
Opera dog!
Come at me, brow!
I hear you...I'm graduating in may and college didn't seem like my cup of tea (at least not right now).  Travel sounded good but I knew I'de never actually go anywhere on my own.  So I joined the Navy...now I have to go places.
Thanks!...I think...skatest??
August 26th 2014 - EA (Engineering Aid)
Curious Annie peeping on the neighbor's dog.
moron
I met my best friend detasseling in the corn fields of Nebraska.  Getting on a bus together at 5am and walking rows of corn until 2 in the afternoon = bonding time.  We knew each other's life-stories in about 2 days.  ("Detasseling corn is removing the pollen-producing flowers, the tassel, from the tops of corn plants and placing them on the ground.")
I got saline implants under the muscle...while I was in the recovery room waking up from my anesthesia, the nurse kept asking me what my pain level was and if I wanted to take a pain pill.  I refused.  After I woke up some more they moved me back to the room where I changed into my gown before the procedure and I slept in there for a while.  The nurse came in quite a lot to ask me if I needed anything...all I wanted was water.  After a few check-ins with the nurse I finally accepted a pain pill because yes it hurt, but it wasn't unbearable.  Upon returning home I was sore but again, nothing unbearable.  They prescribed me a bottle of 30ish strong pain pills and I only took 4 or 5.  They also gave me a packet of pills to put under the tongue for when the pain pills made me feel like vomiting.  These were a life saver more than the pain pills were.  I don't even want to think about how much it would have hurt to puke right after a breast augmentation.
An important lesson on self respect brought to you by my little sister.
Not. even. kidding. https://www.facebook.com/tyler.creek.37?hc_location=stream
Since you don't use your degree at your job, do you regret going to college?
"Shut up! There is no laughing in math class!"
WHY DON'T I EVER SEE FOXES?!
Mom -  "I'm disappointed in you."
A few weeks after my dad tried committing suicide, when I was about 9 years old, he looked at me and said "you're the reason I hate myself."
People are so hateful.