The Future Of The Drug War: Pot Breathalyzers
the right will love him now...
im always concerned about acts by Puerto Ricans....
Blockian?
i woulda kicked him in the shin pointed, laughed, then ran away...
Venezuelas grand plan to fix its toilet-paper shortage: $79 million and a warning to stop eating so much
So replica and lifelike vaginas are possible?
#WhyChoices
yes but why was it designated as such? Isnt there some occult significance?
Government Retreats After Suspending Habeas Corpus In Baltimore  Over 100 Released
lol.. funny
why is mayday a communist holiday?
F. A. Hayek on Monetary Policy, the Gold Standard, Deficits, Inflation, and John Maynard Keynes
right.. cause the most logical thing to do is use government to FORCE racists and bigots hire and serve people they hate... lol another ELS FAIL and a basic misunderstanding of the individual right of free association... unless you are bisexual, you discriminate against half the human race... get a grip... we have individual preference... you dont discriminate or respect property rights? ok good, me and all my drunken irish friends will be at your house at 8:00 tonight... and we will leave when we want lol  [Dr. Walter Williams schools you on discrimination](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKgHc6bWqZ4)
LMAO... you're horrible... lol
making the state more efficient is not the goal...
Baltimore Police Dept. Tries To Suppress Findings Of Secret Audit
ive never met a climate change denier.... perhaps its because everyone knows climate changes all the time... ice caps on mars are melting.... obviously that didnt result from our hairspray cans and suvs... climate change is part of a much bigger phenomena... we are actually seeing drastic changes to EVERY planet in the solar system... in fact what were once ice moons are now liquid seas... anyone that thinks man is somehow to blame for global warming on mars is a serious true believer... the western/UN climate agenda is nothing more than a power grab... and all the big environmentalists outright admit it... its no secret that the communists piled right out of soviet union/ east berlin and into the climate movement...  The literature about climate change published by all the powerful America/Global think tanks decades ago all go something like this:  From the David Rockefeller founded Club of Rome 1991 - The First Global Revolution:  "In searching for a new enemy to unite us, we came up with the idea that pollution, the threat of global warming, water shortages, famine and the like would fit the bill....All these dangers are caused by human intervention....and thus the real enemy, then, is humanity itself.... humanity requires a common motivation, namely a common adversary in order to realize world government. It does not matter if this common enemy is a real one or.one invented for the purpose.... Now is the time to draw up a master plan for sustainable growth and world development based on global allocation of all resources and a new global economic system... The Earth has cancer and the cancer is Man..."  Quote by Paul Watson, a founder of Greenpeace:  "It doesn't matter what is true, it only matters what people believe is true."  ... and illl just leave this H.L. Mencken quote here:  "The whole aim of practical politics is to keep the populace alarmed  and hence clamorous to be led to safety  by menacing it with an endless series of hobgoblins, all of them imaginary." And, "The urge to save humanity is almost always only a false face for the urge to rule it."  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0rLfkvl8BI
Al Gore: Spend $90 Trillion To Ban Cars From Every Major City In The World
This is where libertarians lose me. The for vast majority of human history, up to and until the 19th century, property has never been transferred this way. Land has always been stolen, usually through war and violence.  Land has always been stolen, usually through war and violence. Why do people have property in America, for example? Well, settlers came, stole land and killed natives, and then gave that land to other people. It's all stolen property.  And what does this have to do with the enforcement of property rights? Nothing.... what you are describing is the complete violation of property rights.... What does the forced expropriation of others property have to do with propertarianism or libertarianism? Absolutely nothing, that s the entire point. You seem to have a grave misunderstanding of how states from and what libertarians advocate... Yes whites violated the natives property.... again, what the hell does that have to do with asserting property rights? no, whites violated the property rights of the natives on behest of European monarchies... European settlers killing Indians to steal their property IS THE VIOLATION OF THE NATIVES PROPERTY....this is not what libertarians advocate.... Natives still have the right to the land IMO as they preformed the act of original appropriation via the homestead principle... its theirs... some was seeded voluntarily but for the majority, government took it via state actors... this has nothing to do with the free market or libertarianism.... this is what happens when their are no respect for property rights.... In a free society thieves are punished... not given positions in government which makes their plunder 'legal.' This is the entire premise of libertarianism... that ones property be protected from the initiation of force...   The only plausible libertarian response to that seems to be "that's in the past, lets do better from now on". But that's a bit hard to swallow.   Im not sure what kind of libertarians you have been talking to but again the exact scenario you describe resulted FROM THE BLATANT DISRESPECT OF PROPERTY RIGHTS... not because of them... In a private law society, when others seize property not their own, it is a tortuous act and demands compensation. Legal plunder via government seizure demands no such accountability because the theft is deemed 'legal.'   Thieves will always exist. An expropriating property protector is an contradiction in terms... You are right, but voluntary exchange is not theft. Initiators of force are not free traders... they are private criminals and government actors.... you seem to have trouble differentiating between state actors and free traders.... anyone initiating force against another person or property are not part of the free market and are violating the property of others... private criminals would be dealt with in a free society much the same way tort law now handles disputes. The situations you are describing are the direct result of states actors via the initiation of force... not the avocation of private property rights....  It's as though someone has been punching you and broke your face, and then just stopped says "time out, lets be friends", and when you try to taking him to court to pay your medical bills, he accuses you of using the government to enforce tyranny by taking his property.  No, law has existed for thousands of years without government and will exist thousands of years after its gone... you automatically equate court with government because you have been conditioned to accept government as sole arbitrator in all conflicts... even in conflicts involving themselves.... Again, in a private law society, there would be no government courts, and the ridiculous claim that compensating a victim is an initiation of force perpetrated by government wouldn't even exist...  Buts lets say someone did make that claim... NO, THEY initiated force against the person they beat up... they are liable... they are the aggressor and must compensate or face consequences.... You are conflating free trade with violent force... rape is not loving making... libertarians advocate love making(voluntary exchange) not rape(theft)... rapists(thieves) should be punished. They are initiators of force against peaceful people and their property... It is precisely because of property rights that compensation can even occur in the first place... If you steal something I do not own... I have no compensatory claim...  RESOURCES to help you understanding -  To understand how private law has worked in the past throughout history, check out this excellent lecture by Dr, David Friedman entitled: [LAW ENFORCEMENT WITHOUT THE STATE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1oWka2fi3y0)  Dr. Hans-Hermann Hoppe: [STATE OR PRIVATE LAW SOCIETY?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6V0XzJfm8U)  Dr. Bon Murphy [LAW WITHOUT THE STATE](http://mises.org/library/law-without-state) - contains common objections  Also, check out Chapter 12 in Dr. Murray Rothbards work For A New Liberty entitled: [THE PUBLIC SECTOR, III: POLICE, LAW,   THE COURTS](http://mises.org/sites/default/files/For%20a%20New%20Liberty%20The%20Libertarian%20Manifesto_3.pdf)   I have more for you on the other comment... Ill respond when I get time... am at work. cheers!:)
lol... im from the south, forgive me :0
Somalia?
Consumerist-Socialism?
I love this guy. It was so classic when he [told a statist on facebook that they were to stupid to vote and that they shouldn't!](http://dailycaller.com/2014/09/20/libertarian-nominee-in-n-c-senate-race-calls-voter-ignorant-moron/) he was polling at like 11 percent until then... lol  [Also looks like hes launched a strong internet ad campaign](http://www.medicaldaily.com/pro-marijuana-ads-hulu-nc-politician-sean-haugh-goes-all-pot-legalization-307869)
this gets more infuriating every time I see it...
I pay around 58%
yes they are called progressives...
You mean taxing the shit out of employers doesn't create jobs? *noooo*
It had a legislator but no executive branch of government...
and this is even though they have dramatically raised the costs to do this...
claim 6 dependents like I do...
Most arent ready to identify all as human beings having the same unalienable rights. My liberty doesn't somehow become null and void just because I cross an imaginary line drawn arbitrarily on a map by politicians... Every individual has the right to travel to better his circumstances...   The startling thing is that there are probably around the same amount of 'illegals' fleeing the United States right now for freer countries and better opportunities.   I agree with your proposal. People are not 'illegal' just because government gives them that designation. They are free. The problem with immigration policy as this article points out is that it is subsidized. The drug wars affect also should be considered. By ending the drug war, opening up borders, and killing subsidies, the market will put these people where they are most needed and most productive.