Spicy Ramen
Damn 40% seems high. Are you sure you're not causing the anxiety yourself by over paying. If you want to feel less anxious then get yourself on a plan that will help you pay the student loans thats at a comfortable rate. It might take longer but at least you will be at peace. That's how debt it. You can either pay it off sooner or later, sooner the better but will affect your peace. Later, will give you some peace now but you might struggle later. Which one would you rather have? If the answer is neither then your best bet is to hop on a plane and live your life in the Amazon rainforest :)
Eww
I meant murdered in the ring.
And then cries
He should change his name to Mariota!
Its a valid bet. Most likely guaranteed returns.
Happy Palm Sunday
Use glassdoor.com or salary to gauge at what someone with the proposed title should make in the area. Offer that and say you're willing to bargain if its an issue, etc.
Take the job and get a Masters part-time while your company pays for it. Masters in Comp Sci for the most part is just a regurgitation of your Bachelors degree except this time its more in-depth and you have to read/write more research papers. It def. boosts your salary but honestly current companies want experience over degree. Enterprise companies will boost your salary for a grad degree but you will notice that you are significantly behind your peers in programming language acumen because you were focused on research and crap.  Oh and one last tip. Focus on being a well-rounded programmer. Dont focus on the money. I chose money and now I'm in a tough situation right now on moving forward in my career. Nothing too crazy but wish I had been a well rounded programmer rather than dedicated maintaining some custom-built project that gave me skills that i cant easily transfer to other companies.  tl;dr : Get a job. Have them pay for your Masters part-time.
Yea i understand that. And guess what both types are very stubborn. So i think if were both on the same page then its a good thing otherwise we will hate each others guts. And since istj dont speak up well we get the short hand of the stick. And as a guy that just doesnt fly. Lol.
As an immigrated indian who has lived here for roughly 20 yrs... Let me say that i can understand where they are coming from. Because i feel like that now too cause cause india is alot better now and well whats the real point of living here if ur culture gets thrown out the water in a few decades.
didnt realize how many philadelphians were no reddit @_meganlomaniac_  just went to a recent 76ers game against cleveland. first home game win so it wasnt too bad. :)
Hey man. Id also recommend the advice to go seek a counselor. I did that this year and it helped me alot in understanding whats going on emotionally. I wish I could tell you that I was able to have all the strength to be assertive against them but I dont, not yet.   My recommendation to you is that I am glad you are seeing this at your current age. You still have your whole life ahead of you so right now is a great time to make a plan.   For example, moving out and living on your own is the easiest way to help you get to where you want to be. By moving out you will be able to associate with american friends and share their hobbies and culture. And being away from your parents will keep you from being psychologically down/depressed. So how do you go about doing that is on you. If you cant afford that now then do it after college. But if you can do it now then do it! Your parents will def. give you a hard time and belittle you but walk into that conversation with a mental shield so that whatever they say you throw it out of your mind. You do this by sticking to "i am moving out to improve my identity and my future", etc.   Best of luck. Im 27 right now and looking back at it I wish I had just moved out of home right after college. Right now I am being pressured to get married via arranged marriage. And its not fun...
Dont do it. Audis require alot of maintenance. And it doesnt cost cheap.  But they are fun to drive. So like others have suggested... Get a b5, b6 and play around with it. Or better yet stick to your honda.  Honestly, im thinking about making the opposite switch to Honda just because I'm not sure if it makes sense for me to own an Audi anymore. I'm in the low 80k and stupid issues are popping up. But we'll see... I love the car too much to let it go but like i said better to get rid of her now while I can still get some money back.
I think you nailed everything I needed to know about the Sq5. Good job! Now bigger question... Why do u have michigan license plates in cali?
Google Chrome
The Nativity. Every Christmas.
I have been doing pick'em for the past four years. No strategy at all. The problem is that we have spread so that makes it very hard.  But without it I would just go with what one of the user mentioned. Expert Picks or even user picks.
Fear - lecrae
Premium online tv account   I know many of you have ditched cable but would love to still have access to various premium channels. Im offering all of the following plus various FIOS TV channels. All for $30/month  Comes with :  Showtime Anytime  HBO  Cinemax  Starz  Encore  Epix  WatchESPN  Fox  Nick  CNN  CNN HN  TNT  TBS  Tru  Adult Swim  Cartoon Network  Comedy Central  MTV  VH1  Spike  BET  Speed 2  Fox  Big Ten Network BBC America BBC World CNBC Bloomberg  Cooking Channel DIY Epix Food Network HGTV NFL Network Travel  TV Guide
Where do u get one of these?
My opinion and opinion of many people that have watched it has been the same.  I dont pay attention to movie critics as they are judging the movie as a work of art, whereas user reviews tend to portray if you as a normal human being going solely for the enjoyment of the movie is going to enjoy it. Based on rotten tomatoes. Critics 17%, users 82%. So take your pick. :)
A mega man movie
Colossians 3:8
Finding the right partner
Lol
I absolutely love the red letters for what Jesus spoke.  You know what would be cool? How about what God spoke in Blue?  i dont like references. It just gets in the way of reading the passage. And i absolutely cannot stand that there are no gaps at the left and right of the pages. I understand bibles need to be minituarized but there should still be some space.  Make paragraphs. Alot of time ur just reading a constant group of text. It would be great if paragraphs could be added. I see it as a positive thing for grouping content, supporting contextual reading, and lastly offering people the optiong to pace through the text.
Andys Hot Fries
Now thats a detailed response! Love it. Thanks
Indian Food   Which cruises have Indian food?
sprite?