Snarky? Matt isn't snarky. Well, maybe in the Waid run.  I love Daredevil because he's had some of the best character work in modern comics. Over a decade he slowly had a massive mental breakdown due to the death of a loved one and the outing of his secret identity. The Bendis/Brubaker era was like one really well written TV series with a main character arc comparable to Breaking Bad. All he wants is to protect the citizens of his city, but it all comes at a massive cost to his mental well-being. Frank Miller and Kevin Smith also touched upon this and I think that's part of what makes their books so great.  Looking elsewhere, there are a lot of fun stories. I've heard the Waid interpretation as a swashbuckler.
I can't blame him for that. At least, if he's written well in future movies, we have a good actor in the role.
That wasn't what I was asking, but I love those series. I finished YtLM a month ago and am still conflicted over the excellent ending. I've got volume 4 of Preacher lying next to my bed and I'm waiting for the last two volumes in the post. These books are both more deserving or movies than characters like Cyborg or Ant-Man (saying that as a DC and Marvel fanboy) yet they've spent so long in development hell. Thank God Preacher is getting a show and the fact it's replacing Mad Men's slot in the AMC line-up gives me high expectations.
Slow West
Sorry, but it was months after Peter died when they announced the new Ultimate Spider-Man. I get the sense that Peter wasn't just killed off to be replaced. It makes a lot more sense in the continuity of Ultimate Spider-Man which I'd recommend reading as it's very accessible for a non-comic book reader like yourself.
I've got a feeling this is becoming the next underrated gem, but who cares when its that good?
Likewise.
TIL
Yes. Did you read any of them?
I just finished watching the third episode of this season and I'm not too sure. He seems too weird and I think I'd struggle accepting him as some kind of space messiah, he doesn't seem wise enough and I'm not sure he'd make an entirely convincing action star. I don't think he'd be the worst choice though.
He got the Iron Spider gear in The Amazing Spider-Man months beforehand and he's barely in the main book itself and his role is really inconsequential. Anything notable that happened to him in that arc was retconned out a year later.  I really don't like Civil War. It's honestly one of Marvel's worst event books and that's truly saying something. I'm sure this movie will be good though.
I don't like Lord of the Rings. I actually think they're abysmal.
Too old.
This should give you a pretty good understanding of the entirety of the MCU. You'll need to Google some of the reading orders.  * Dr Strange - The Oath * Captain Marvel - Brian Reed's run * Thor - Ragnarok, JMS' run or Godbomb * Blanther - Christopher Priest's run or Secret Invasion tie-in * Guardians of the Galaxy 2 - [This epic saga](http://i.imgur.com/FUM3v.jpg) * Infinity War - Infinity Gauntlet * Captain America - Brubaker's run on Captain America and, for the love of Thanos, don't read Civil War * Inhumans - Paul Jenkin's run * Jessica Jones - Alias * Iron Fist - The Immortal Iron Fist * Luke Cage - Bendis' New Avengers * Punisher - Greg Rucka's Run * Ant-Man - The current run was only commissioned so they'd have a trade for the new movie, they're just lucky it was really good. Different Ant-Man, but I really enjoyed The Irredeemable Ant-Man. * Daredevil - Frank Miller's Run (including Born Again and The Man Without Fear), Daredevil: Yellow, Battlin' Jack Murdock or Bendis'/Brubaker's runs. * Iron Man - Demon in a Bottle, Armour Wars, Doom Quest, Fraction's run, Extremis * Hulk - Planet Hulk, Hulk: Gray or Hulk: The End * Shield - Hickman's or Waid's run * Hawkeye - Fraction's run, Lemire's run or McCann's trilogy * Black Widow - Brubaker's Winter Soldier * Avengers - The Ultimates I   II, Busiek's run, [Bendis' run](http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m815zi24Ga1rpok63o1_1280.jpg) and Hickman's run  Get yourself Marvel Unlimited as well as it's the only possible way you could digest all of this.  Edit: I forgot Spider-Man - Ultimate Spider-Man, JMS's The Amazing Spider-Man, Spider-Man: Blue and Kraven's Last Hunt (which the third TASM movie was going to be based on).
That's cool - I respect that and easily see why. He's just not for me.
That may be a while. Right now, it looks like it may go on forever.
Fuck the bastard that stole it.  Edit: Sorry this isn't very helpful or constructive, it's just how I feel about arseholes who pull shit like this.
Nova: Annihilation
Isn't X-Men '92 digital only? If so, what's the point of the variant?
As much as I love it, I kind of doubt it. It's so dependant on poking fun of contemporary films and filmmakers it'll date pretty poorly IMO.
Superman's character was defined by what others told him, so by the end of the film I had no idea what kind of person he was. I have no problem with Supes destroying clearly vacated buildings, but I do mind him never going out of his way to save individuals. A scene involving him saving people would have helped me see him more of a hero. This one is purely personal preference, but the colour scheme didn't work for me and I can't imagine it in a Superman movie. Even though it quoted All-Star Superman, it didn't really get what made Superman special (hint: his complete altruism). The action didn't really work for me, I felt like there was too much happening on the screen, even when simple things like flight were happening. My biggest complaint is the mixture of conflicting symbols - was Supes Jesus, Moses, the embodiment of the American dream, a foreigner in our land?
I greatly respect your opinion, but I must ask this partly because I asked you to explain in the title of my post and because I'd love to hear why?  Is it the dated style of filmmaking, the clunky dialogue or the iffy acting?*  *I love these movies and I think that's all part of the charm.
For me it's Lord of the Rings.  Here's why:  * The characters are uninteresting and dull (with the exception of Boromir).  * There's way too many characters. It wasn't hard to follow, I just didn't want to.  * (Only really a problem with the Fellowship) The first one seemed to be aimed at young children with lots of childish jokes and dumb slapstick and dialogue - which then seemed really odd because of some of the darker things in that movie.  * The action is really boring. I spent so much time waiting for something interesting, but it never came.  * It's so slow and so long. There's just so much that doesn't need to be there (like the last 40 minutes of RotK). You could say these moments enhance the world, but it already is so rich and vast those moments just drag.  * The lack of an interesting villain. I don't even know why I should care at times.  * The plot revolves around a MacGuffin and is full of Deus ex Machinas (an army of ghosts? WTF?).  * Too much exposition.   * Too many subplots that just don't matter to me. Why should I care if Aragon found love or didn't or whatever? I don't care about Aragon.  * There isn't actually that much plot there. Just look at how little Sam and Frodo's story progresses from the end of the Fellowship to their encounter with Gollem in RotK. If you cut out all of their story up to that point, you could still follow along just fine.
There's a whole article there explaining it.
More female Superheroes, so probably White Tiger, Spider-Woman and Ms Marvel.  I'd add a few YA movies like The Runaways and Young Avengers. I know a lot of people think The Runaways would work better as a TV series, I'd prefer to see a female-led franchise on film.  I wouldn't hire D.B. Weiss and David Benioff to write Inhumans as this season of Game of Thrones has proved they're not very creative.  I'd introduce Dick Rider in an Annihilation movie.  I'd try and make the movies have more personal and emotional climaxes. I'm not interested if Spider-Man ends with him beating Doc Ock and winning, what made the end of Spider-Man 2 interesting was Doc Ock's sacrifice.  I'd make every sequel a team-up movie a la The Winter Soldier. How cool would Doctor Strange is Spider-Man 2 be? Or Black Panther in Thor: Ragnarok?  Hawkeye miniseries based on Fraction's run.  And of course, Dark Reign and Seige must happen.
This just doesn't make sense to me. I've been wanting to read Punisher MAX for ages, but the TPBs are so expensive.
Sometimes, I just can't believe Reddit.   Do you want to know why i don't like LotR?  * The characters are uninteresting and dull (with the exception of Boromir). * There's way too many characters. It wasn't hard to follow, I just didn't want to. * (Only really a problem with the Fellowship) The first one seemed to be aimed at young children with lots of childish jokes and dumb slapstick and dialogue - which then seemed really odd because of some of the darker things in that movie. * The action is really boring. I spent so much time waiting for something interesting, but it never came. * It's so slow and so long. There's just so much that doesn't need to be there (like the last 40 minutes of RotK). You could say these moments enhance the world, but it already is so rich and vast those moments just drag. * The lack of an interesting villain. I don't even know why I should care at times. * The plot revolves around a MacGuffin and is full of Deus ex Machinas (an army of ghosts? WTF?). * Too much exposition.  * Too many subplots that just don't matter to me. Why should I care if Aragon found love or didn't or whatever? I don't care about Aragon. * There isn't actually that much plot there. Just look at how little Sam and Frodo's story progresses from the end of the Fellowship to their encounter with Gollem in RotK. If you cut out all of their story up to that point, you could still follow along just fine.  Things I did like:  * I respect how well made it is.  * Good acting.  * The landscape and environment is just beautiful.  * Middle-Earth was a pretty rich world by the end of it.
I agree with you on everything, but generalising CBMs. I agree that some people are getting tired of Superhero movies, but I bet those people would kill to see more movies like Sin City, The History of Violence and V for Vendetta (even the Zack Snyder movies I'm not a fan of).  There are so many great comics I'd rather see get an adaption than a C-list Marvel hero - I say this a massive Marvel Comics fan. I'd like to see Maus, East of West, Saga or Y: The Last Man come to the big screen before Ant-Man.
Good idea.  RemindMe! 1,100 days
It was kind of forgettable. It was just a really heavy-handed excuse to get people to side with the Hulk. World War Hulk is a great story and worth a read (along with Pak's other Hulkcules works).
Ellen Page as Kitty Pryde. I think it's just because I had a crush on the character since I was a kid and seeing he in live-action just did it for me.
How would you make comics more popular?   Hypothetical: The big publishers have come together to discuss the state of the industry. They've decided they want comics to be more mainstream and more people to read them. They've hired you to do it. How do you?