DJ doesnt owe us a thing. It is his life, he can go where he wants. He is from Texas. It isnt a huge surprise.   I love the guy, but really dont like the liability that his FT shooting is, in the playoffs especially.  I wish him the best - except when he plays the Clippers.
You absolutely should read Alan Watts' "The Watercourse Way".  John Steinbeck's novels are very Taoist. I recommend "Of Mice and Men".  And you should read the "Book of Chuang Tzu".  I suggest the Penguin version.
Thanks.
Im with you 100% on that, and have said the same thing here before.
Then why don't these good cops ever stand up and denounce the bad cops and the officials and system that not only protects but rewards their corruption and abuse?  For example: You get paid time off for killing someone if you're a cop.  Do any of the supposed good cops have a problem with that?  No, they circle the wagons with all the rest.  EDIT: Downvote and run without a rebuttal if you can't handle the truth.
Thats true. But i mean the content of what he says, not how it actually  sounds. Im surehe has a lot of interesting things in his head, but whenever it comes out his mouth as anything other than a song it is just anticlimactic and boring. Seems like he has become a caricature if himself, and thinks he needs to put on this persona. Gets old.
Check the internet.  For one, she said the attack was due to an internet video, when emails/documents show she knew otherwise.  You can do the rest yourself.
Yeah.  Riiiiiiiight.
nbc and the nytimes have since corroborated it.  news in pakistan has corroborated it.  you really expect him to name the source?  now you sound like an administration spokesperson.  he names the source, the source spends the rest of his life in prison.  you want propaganda, watch "zero dark thirty", or try to make sense of the many various incomplete and contradictory explanations coming from the white house.  don't you think it's bizarre they never produced any photos of bin laden's body?  obama said that's because we don't "spike the football".  hogwash.  they released the video of saddam being hung, and guadafi being killed, etc.  the pictures don't correspond to their story, that's why they weren't released.
the government has taken those incentives away.  i'm currently unemployed.  it's not about more jobs or less jobs.  if it was, we could dig holes and fill them up.  "it" being standard of living.  the dollar used to go further (its value has been destroyed by the fed) - that is why women have to work.  that creates bubbles which all destroys the middle class.  government and banks have to get out of the way.  read irwin schiff's piece and check out fredric bastiat's "the seen and the unseen", and murray rothbard's "what has the government done to our money?"  very short and pdf's available online.
One good thing about wind energy (and probably other renewable sources) is that it *doesn't* require as many jobs/workers as conventional energy, freeing people up to do more productive things. Productivity is what increases the standard of living, not the number of jobs.
just watched it - a couple things:   the big mike was set up and never used. took up a lot if the frane. it also looked like it could have been pre-recorded. there weren't any long shots and ony one camera was used. it seemed like very different lighting too and a strange taping compared to usual musical performances on the show.
The few. The proud. The Marines.
Listen to Alan Watts lectures on Taoism on YouTube. Read his short book "Tao: The Watecourse Way". I would recommend *not* reading "The Tao of Pooh". Not a good book to start with. And I didn't think it was a good book anyway.   Essentially Taoism is the world behind words, the nature of reality, the way of harmony.
Must get rid of the police officers bill of rights.
it is ok. im here just posting basic verifiable facts, not making any claims or choosing any sides. but people downvote me because they want to cling to their delusions about Bernie Sanders.
Witnesses report the victim was unarmed, and was running away. A gun was found at the scene.    Cops also maced the witnesses at the crime scene.
Not really.  If he thinks the play was blown and it "absolutely" was clear to the Clippers what they were running, then he should have taken the timeout then and drawn up another play.  Teams would be finishing close games all the time with one timeout left if they always had to save it just in case they couldn't get the ball in.  Plus, trust your team to throw an in-bounds pass.
This is excellent.  The Bleacher Report may have a commitment to excellence.    I'm going back and forth, and forth, on Williams/Cooper/White.  I tend to end on White or Cooper because we could then better realize Carr's potential.  But then they got Crabtree, so are they thinking this isn't as much of a need.  Then I remember Reg is a former LB, so maybe he prioritizes defense somehow.    I want Williams *and* either Cooper or White.  Too bad we only get one.  I guess I'd be most happy if Reg saw it my way and got a receiver.  But if he didn't I'd be OK too maybe.
ive never heard it put that way before. but now that you mention it, i get exactly that way too. all my "pessimism" has to do with people. everything else is a welcome challenge.
In the world of words, atheism is often, maybe always, the flip-side of theism. But what were we when we were born?  Beliefs and belief systems shouldn't be reduced to categories and concepts. Yes it makes them easier to argue and discuss, but also obscures their real nature, thereby making discussion about them less simple, and tends to make it about words. The discussion can be fun and can continue for its own sake, but we aren't really talking about the real nature of belief.    We should take it to another level and incorporate this in the discussion, instead of remaining in the world of abstractions.
it says he's a wealthy insurance executive. I'm sure if somebody looked into it they'd find he donated to the police union at some point.  money is the only reason for this.  EDIT: no, i didn't read the whole article where, i guess this is made obvious
Police kill unarmed man, initially tell family he killed himself. Say he was holding girlfriend hostage, strangling her, she was calling for help, and numerous other lies. She denies their account.
DOJ Deputy AG, James Cole, (as he heads toward the revolving door) on why individual bankers who broke the law were not prosecuted: "We are dealing with financial rocket science."
TIL that the former governor of Afghanistan's central bank, Abdul Qadir Fitrat, is wanted for his part in embezzling $1 billion from the Kabul Bank. In 2012, Afghan President Hamid Karzai ordered Fitrat to return from the U.S. to Afghanistan. Currently he resides in Northern Virginia.
Former Merrill Lynch bankster, Patrick Coppeard, pleads guilty to defrauding 5M from 60 familes in his church
Glendale cop arrested in prostitution sting is set to get $10,579 a month in paid leave
Goldman Sachs has agreed to pay $3.15 billion to resolve claims that it misled U.S. mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac about risky mortgage securities it sold them
Standard Chartered Bank Is Fined Another $300M - for failing to keep the terms of a previous $667M settlement and not remediating anti-money-laundering compliance problems (x-post from /r/banksters)
Bank of America will pay a $1.3 billion penalty for mortgage fraud (x-post from /r/banksters)
Lloyds Pays $370 Million to Settle LIBOR Rate Fixing Probe, Admits Traders' Guilt (x-post from /r/banksters)
What is not being said about Bitcoin, but should be.