The site I found it on must have mis-labeled it. How were you able to tell? Have you been to this street?
I used to be and still sort of am one of those people you puzzle about. I really don't care about 30,000 deaths a year since that is still a small enough number that it couldn't put us at risk for extinction and I see it as sort of a good thing. I see it as sort of a good thing because that is 30,000 less people around to pollute, use resources, and reproduce to contribute to overpopulation. It also takes some strain off of Medicare and Social Security because most of those who die in the accidents die before 65. Basically, I see cars and motorcycles as "population control/natural selection machines", but that isn't a good enough reason to be against a new technology. I still do not really care about deaths from things like cars for these reasons and value freedom over lives and safety, but my view on autonomous cars is now neutral. If you want an autonomous car when they are available because you feel that is the better choice, so be it, but that doesn't mean I think we should ban manual cars from the roads. Maybe make licensing requirements and penalties for drunk or reckless driving stricter and make autonomous rental cars or cabs more readily available to those who don't have them but are in a situation where they shouldn't be driving though.
Here's an x-post from /r/punchablefaces
Female neo-Nazi
[50/50] The contents of Jeffrey Dahmer's refrigerator (NSFL) | Highly passable shemale ejaculating (NSFW)
Why can't he at least be clever like this guy?  https://i.imgur.com/ibQG4Pc.png
Think quickly, honk, and do whatever you can. Move over, brake, or speed up depending on the situation. I've nearly been nudged twice by drivers changing lanes without looking at 30-45 mph. In your case it sounds like the other car got in front of you and was on your front bumper. I'm imagining that I would have to brake to make room for them and try to notice early. Being in New York I'm pretty used to assholes not signaling and cutting other cars off. Having a dashcam would probably also be beneficial.
I actually don't see it as ugly. It's not the prettiest, but still a decent, simple, elegant design for what it is, http://www.collectorcarads.com/Picture1/Pontiac1985003.jpg
Radovan Karadi - Hitler
[They actualy made a Ghettopoly.](http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-yGmGTij4oJk/UPlzKNt9yQI/AAAAAAAAPg8/KbUWMtmopHw/s1600/Board+Game+3.jpg)
Unidan - Hitler
The other side of GG Allin.
DAE get mildly amused when a post has 69 upvotes?
Human face made into a mask.
Pretty much all the late 70s-80s large American cars (e.g. Chevy Caprice, Ford LTD, Dodge Diplomat) were still common 5-10 years ago depending on where you went, but now they are becoming a rare sight.
FWD: 1971-72 Cadillac Eldorado Biarritz  RWD: Mercedes S65 AMG  AWD: R32 Nissan Skyline GTS-4
The problem isn't that it's a bad car, the problem is that by not marketing it properly, making it too expensive, and not making a manual available, they have screwed up it's potential at being a popular car. I have only ever seen one in person.
A classic car that isn't in great condition but has character.
Seriously, if you even have to ask the question, and state you are "trying to quit the habit", you do not belong on the roads and threatening lives.  I have already been doing this less because I realize it is bad and should come to an end, I just decided to ask here to see if there was anything else besides "just don't do it" that would help me.
Probably wouldn't happen, but I've always liked the idea of a GTA game set outside the USA. Perhaps go back to London like the GTA 2 expansion packs, deport Niko Bellic and set the game in Eastern Europe, or even go for an entirely new setting and character, such as one in China, Japan, or Mexico.
Well, on paper the government claims that newer cars can be legalized by a registered importer after undergoing rigorous, expensive testing and modification, but often this isn't possible and when it is barely anyone actually does it because of the price. There was this for sale half a year ago, formerly owned by Paul Walker, http://bringatrailer.com/2014/05/18/federalized-non-usa-2003-audi-rs6-avant/
I saw it happen yesterday. This random girl (not a hooker either) got angry and randomly started shooting at cops. Should have taken a screenshot. After she killed the cops, I was able to take the police car without acquiring a wanted level.
70s-80s RWD,boxy, full-size American cars. (E.g. Caprice Classic, LTD Crown Victoria, Chrysler Fifth Avenue). Most enthusiasts disregard these cars as bland and stodgy, but I actually think they should be looked at on the same level as W123s and Volvo 240s. Just like those European cars, these cars are also boxy, conservative, slow, un-sporty, and simple to work on. I like the earlier oversized versions too, but these seem to be more notably made fun of.
Why do shemales have such big feet? Has anyone else noticed this?
Why are most of my wet dreams about watching porn?
- W222 S65 - W211 E63 - W124 AMG Hammer - C126 560SEC - W108 300SEL 6.3
Not that creepy by itself IMO, but it vaguely reminds me of Dren and would probably be terrifying in the dark or as a silhouette.
That's the point of the question, what cars do the commenters think clash with the idea of a classic car, despite their age.
- Dodge St. Regis - Isuzu Axiom - Buick Apollo - Oldsmobile Omega - Mitsubishi Cordia
In some parts of the world, it must still be quite common. I've  traveled to the Bahamian island of Exuma, where the most common surnames belong to many, many residents and can be seen everywhere, on storefronts, in the local newspapers, and on the nametags of waiters.
Would it be correct to say that Hasil Adkins was a rockabilly GG Allin? (nobody on r/music cared about this post)   They both had mental illnesses, or appeared to, sang shocking, gory, or sexual lyrics, had unique on stage behavior, were outsiders in their scenes, and recorded much of their music in poor quality. Besides the traits of their music and performances, they were both individualists, drank heavily, and got in trouble with the law. Hasil and GG also never got the level of recognition they deserved IMO.  Here's an old documentary for those who don't know about him: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hDyxKLwQ-6I
GG Allin   The Murder Junkies - Shove That Warrant Up Your Ass