Thanks, and that's funny: I thought I was the only English speaker on the planet bothered at the way "chauvinism" has been monopolized by feminists. I feel so much less alone now!
Don't drive so much or you'll spend most of your time and money doing so. I'd drive the West Coast seeing cities and national parks, then fly to New York for a week, then maybe drive down to DC. Maybe finish with another flight to New Orleans and a drive over to Austin to see music in both cities.   Yosemite, Crater Lake and Mt. Rainier are not to be missed, especially if you enjoy hiking. Hit the rugged coasts: drive California's Big Sur and the northern half of the Oregon Coast, staying in small beachside motels or campgrounds.
Yes, sea level rise will take time, but this study's point is that even the damage we've done to date will cost plenty, and if we don't start decarbonizing soon we'll lock-in much, much worse.  Unsaid: drought, floods, storms, wildfires, crop disruptions and associated warfare will grow intolerably horrible long before the oceans rise by several meters.
Inside SoCal Edisons Plan to Open its Grid to Distributed Energy
Except that coal-fired generators emit too much carbon to sequester at anything close to economic scale, suitable CCS geology is rare and far from most power demand, and all major R D attempts at developing feasible large-scale CCS, such as FutureGen, have repeatedly failed.  It's no coincidence that most of the money wasted on CCS research has been in the U.S., where most coal-dependent states happen to be political swing states fought over by both parties (KY, WV, TN, OH, PA, NC, CO, NM, MT...). Gotta tell those folks what they want to hear.
"If we are really concerned about gun violence, the overwhelming majority (by ridiculous magnitudes) comes from illegal gun ownership.  You do realize that this is because getting an illegal handgun is just so freaking easy in the U.S., where guns flood the streets and run down the gutters with each spring rain, right? Just try finding a handgun to buy on short notice in the U.K. or Japan, for example. Getting a connection will likely take days if not weeks, and then you'll pay a fortune, *and* you'll face serious charges if anyone finds out about your illegal pistol. Consequently, handguns don't get carried around all the time as in the U.S., so they don't just pop out and end arguments badly as they do here.
No, carbon taxes would not ignore methane. The only significant human-caused gas it would ignore is NOx, which is very easily regulated by other means. Water vapor is another, but it is a biproduct of warming by CO2 and CH4. So, yes, a carbon tax could be quite effective--if it is steep enough.   I like the Citizen's Climate Lobby plan: a carbon fee-and-dividend that would return all revenues equally to each citizen, giving people some resources to adjust their living, boosting consumer spending at the same time to overcome the economic drain of an additional tax.
Some progress is better than none, and this is definitely not the last time we'll see world leaders stepping up their action on the climate mess. Stay tuned.
The High Cost of Dirty Fuels
[Here](http://blog-imfdirect.imf.org/2015/05/18/act-local-solve-global-the-5-3-trillion-energy-subsidy-problem/) is a related blog post by two of the IMF leaders vetting this paper, for those who want more detail.  Note that this is not the first time the IMF has issued a report like this. It's merely a large increase from the $1.9 trillion in subsidies and externalized costs that was the previous yardstick.
Sorry about the paywall. Here is the text:  WASHINGTONConsumers should be paying a whopping $5 trillion more a year for energy to cover the hidden health and environmental costs of using fossil fuels, the International Monetary Fund said Monday.  Vitor Gaspar, head of the IMFs fiscal affairs department, which produced the report, called the estimates shocking and one of the largest negative externalities ever estimated, referring to costs that arent factored into prices.  The fund said policy makers must start capturing those costsvalued at roughly 6% of global gross domestic productin fuel prices now to curb the damaging effects, encourage greater energy efficiency and prevent a mounting toll on human health.  The report said the costslargely fueled by the ballooning use of coal in China and Indiafar surpassed the savings gleaned in the past year as governments cut traditional energy subsidies.  Falling oil prices have given governments including India and Angola an opportunity to raise energy prices closer to their market values.  Cutting subsidies relieves a burden on state budgets and allows a government to channel revenue elsewhere, such as social services, health care or growth-spurring investments.  International Monetary Fund Fiscal Affairs Department Director Vitor Gaspar called a report on the hidden health and environmental costs of fossil fuel use shocking. International Monetary Fund Fiscal Affairs Department Director Vitor Gaspar called a report on the hidden health and environmental costs of fossil fuel use shocking.   But the IMF said the uncounted costs of pollution from coal, oil and natural gas also should be considered subsidies because economies are burdened with mounting costs resulting from their use. Based in part on new World Health Organization data, the fund estimates those post-tax subsidies will hit $5.3 trillion this year alone.  Around a quarter of that covers the theoretical cost of mitigating greenhouse-gas emissions.  The rest is from the health effects of local pollution as well as from traffic congestion, accidents and road damage.  It is important to put in perspective just how many health problems are linked to energy consumption and air quality, said Benedict Clements, a division chief in the IMFs fiscal affairs department.  For example, the WHO estimates more than one million premature deaths a year occur because of outdoor air pollution caused largely by burning coal, he said.  IMF economists acknowledge the figures are disputable, but say they provide some indication of hidden costs that should provoke debate.  They also accept that eliminating subsides by raising energy taxes would be costly for consumers, and so it recommends a gradual increase.  Moving to efficient energy pricing in one step would require very large increases in consumer energy prices, in particular for coal, with a global average price increase of more than 200 percent, the IMF warned.  Although higher energy prices generally tax an economys growth prospects, the fund said governments can use the increase in revenue to foster economic expansion, such as through cutting labor and corporate taxes, infrastructure investment and spending on education.  It also would create incentives for low-emission alternative energy.  The fiscal gains from subsidy reform are sizable and could be a game changer for fiscal policy in many countries, Mr. Clements said.
Minneapolis, Portland, San Francisco, Boulder...there are some decent bike towns popping up in the US now, but *none* even begin to approach the total commitment to bikes in cities like Copenhagen and Amsterdam, in my humble view.
The studies this article cites are merely a few of many, like [this one](http://www.uspirg.org/reports/usp/do-roads-pay-themselves), that show that tax money flows entirely the other way: from general funds to roads. Fuel taxes have never really paid for the roads alone. Forty years ago they paid *most* of the cost, but no longer. Now they pay less than half.    Add the fact that vastly more road damage comes from trucks, and it's clear that road maintenance is essentially a gigantic taxpayer handout to trucking companies. Then add the social cost of driving (carbon pollution, injuries, respiratory ailments, etc.) which is in the trillions, and we can see just how much road construction really costs us. Bikes, on the other hand, cause almost no road wear and they actually reduce health costs.
First, household income is a poor point of comparison due to the rise of two-income households over this period; this hides overall stagnation in wages, and declines among men. Median wages would be a better measure.  Second, inequality has gone through the roof, followed by the financial elite committing gigantic debt fraud and extorting massive taxpayer bailouts, which leaves most Americans feeling very, very screwed. Trends in perceived wealth and income *always* relate to the general sense of fairness in the system, which, it's fair to say, is now deep in the toilet.
[No need for anything like that.](http://thinkprogress.org/climate/2015/01/29/3616382/solving-climate-change-cheap/)
Meanwhile, low-cost oil producers like Saudi Arabia have responded by dumping their oil on the world market at half price, to unload their reserves before burning oil is outlawed and to delay the cost effectiveness of renewables.  That's the problem with fossil fuels: selfish-bastard nations with abundant fuel reserves can always undercut renewables if they choose, going by the logic that its better to sell those reserves now at low price than to see them stranded by the coming global bans.  The only solution is to ban these fuels sooner rather than later. The free market will *not* help.
Millennials don't vote; fossils do. From a coldly calculating perspective, aren't Republicans shrewd to cater to cranky old reactionaries who *never* miss a chance to cast a ballot in every election from the Presidency down to the local school board, and to court lethal industries that most fear regulation?  There's only one solution, kiddos: vote, and organize your friends to vote.
Warm blob in Pacific Ocean linked to weird weather across the U.S.
we would see massive investments in solar by private industries to save money and become more efficient. They aren't doing that without subsidies.  [In many regions of many countries solar is now grid-competitive without subsidies](http://www.fastcoexist.com/3043473/in-much-of-the-world-solar-power-is-already-as-cheap-as-grid-electricity).The United States now has a [a few of those regions as well](http://www.hawaiireporter.com/big-rooftop-solar-panels-make-sense-in-hawaii-without-any-subsidies). Many more are on the way.  That's looking at world wide oil and gas and doesn't take into account the enormous difference in market size between oil and renewable. On a per capita basis renewable receive far more money in subsidies than oil and gas  Fossil fuels are the world's second-most-subsidized industry, after arms, and they are *vastly* more subsidized than renewables.
The more renewables grow, the costlier their impact to the grid.  Debatable, and most of these complaints are coming from old-line utilities trying to preserve their sweet monopolies.  With or without renewables, we'll need a smarter grid, so it's unfair to blame all of its costs on the rise of renewables.    Batteries are far too expensive for developing countries.   [Not for long.](http://dqbasmyouzti2.cloudfront.net/assets/content/cache/made/content/images/articles/Storage_Cost_Drops_530_402_s.png)   Yes, because nuking people solves economic problems. /s  You're probably right. When has economic depression ever led to world war?
There's no doubt that renewables are critical, and, taken together, they may be the single most important future power source, but they simply will not be enough, which is why several of the world's leading climate scientists recently issued [this joint letter](http://www.cnn.com/2013/11/03/world/nuclear-energy-climate-change-scientists-letter/) to world leaders.  The need to leave carbon fuels has now become an emergency. We need all hands on deck, and all the carbon-free power that we can muster...like, yesterday.
Simply put, this article is a steaming heap of lies spread for years by oil industry flunkies. No matter how often they're debunked, they just keep springing back like a case of herpes.   There was no 1970s global scientific consensus that the climate is cooling. There was no UN forecast of "50 million climate refugees by 2010". And so on.   Do some real scientific reading, or, if you can't, at least accept the facts that all 97 of the world's national scientific academies, and 97% of publishing climatologists, are in complete agreement that we are responsible for warming the globe.   And also be aware that the largest industry in human history is doing everything in its power to confuse you about that.
It depends on two things: 1) how easily labor is displaced by technology, 2) who owns the technology systems and their output.  This is the "elasticity of substitution" debate that is such a hot economic topic now. I'm not optimistic about labor's value in a world bent on replacing workers with machines, and I'm even less optimistic about owners of those machine systems sharing a penny of their profits with their fellow citizens. Instead, we're seeing a retreat of the rich behind various kinds of moats: guarded, elite residential buildings in a few wealthy cities like London, Tokyo, New York and Hong Kong; wealthy tax havens like Switzerland and Singapore; gated compounds and neighborhoods; remote, expensive resort towns, etc..
It *is* global warming. The slowing, wobbling polar jet is being driven far north off the West Coast by a warm NE Pacific; the jet picks up cold Arctic air before lurching southward into New England. Result: the entire US West Coast has a record-warmest winter and ongoing drought even as Boston freezes.  The world just had another record-warmest year. This won't be the last time we see wild swings like this. In fact, this may be a recurring pattern.
Paris Talks Wont Achieve 2C Goal: Does That Matter?
Citigroup Report: 240 GW Global Battery Storage Market By 2030
EPA: Keystone XL Pipeline Will Impact Global Warming
Forget 'On Record,' 2014 May Have Been Warmest Year In Last 2,000
New research is first to identify which fossil fuel reserves must be left unburned to keep global temperature rise under 2C.
Rapid Indian Ocean warming found to have major role in global climate
Keystone goes down in Senate by narrow margin
Climate Change   Wildfires Explained in Less Than Three Minutes by John Holdren