Had a date last night with a girl from church. Took a walk downtown, got some waffles, and saw an improv show. Personally I think it went well. I'm just proud to have asked her out in person, as I've only ever been the one being asked out, or I asked them out on OKC/Tinder.
We get this a lot. Not very. Both those groups are Christians and believe in the power of doctrine. They believe in the authority of Scripture. More so, they also have defined gender roles between men and women (such as women being asked to wear bonnets).  The difference here is that Quakers do not necessarily believe in the Bible (or even God for that matter), though many certainly do. It is simply not needed to have any sort of theological belief in order to be considered a Friend. And Quakers have long been egalitarians in regards to gender roles where men and women, due to the strong belief in equality before God, have shared the same responsibilities, as they do today.  There is, however, one strong point Friends and the Amish and Mennonites all share. All three groups attempt to live simple lives, both in their consumption of materials, and how they dress. Many Amish and Mennonites will wear plain dress (and some Quakers still do, though it is rare) in a testament to their faith and oath to a life of service to God and the spirit. Though Quakers generally do not wear plain dress anymore, during a Sunday service in a Quaker Meeting you will rarely see anyone dressed up fancifully, for the reasons stated before.
Ha, it's no problem. That's a very, very common assumption. At least you know now!
What's the capital of Antarctica?
A little bit. I like to go to ska concerts which involve mosh pits and a lot of dancing. It'd be nice to have someone to pick it up with.
Do you have a boom mic or DVD duplicator to give away/sell?   Hi,  I work with the Services to Armed Forces division of the Red Cross in Provo, and we have a veteran client from Spanish Fork who recently lost his home to a house fire. In the fire, he lost a lot of equipment for his commercial production business, and we're on the hunt to replace a boom mic and DVD duplicator. I've tried calling a lot of local video equipment stores and have had no luck. If you, or someone you know, is willing to give something like that away, or sell at a low price, please PM me and I can give you my extension here at the Provo office.   Thanks,  Dan
That's a great idea and I wish you luck. Got my only tat two years ago and have been happy ever since!
I feel you. I served as a VISTA in central Wyoming where there was absolutely nothing to do. I wound up leaving my program, as it just wasn't a good fit, and now I'm with the Red Cross under S/N in Utah.  Let me say that I had extreme anxiety for a few days after my VISTA term came to a close early. I was only able to really make it by moving in with an aunt in Salt Lake. So I recommend trying to find some contacts before you quit and move, people who would be willing to help you out in a pinch.  If you don't know anyone (and it doesn't seem like you would), find a job first. Being unemployed sucks.
This is a good point. I'm a government employee, and I have a strict set of rules I have to adhere to when working. For example, I can't do anything regarding unions, can't do any sort of of work related to politics, and so on, for the same reasons you said.
I'm fairly upset at myself. Went to a concert on Friday with a group of friends from church, knowing a girl I like would be going as well. We all went (there was maybe 8 of us) and stayed as a group *the entire time*. I could never manage to find a moment to pull the girl aside and ask her out.  I was stressing out about it the entire time.   There's another church activity tonight, so maybe I'll have better luck there (though I doubt it). Grrr.
VERY. I'm in Provo, Utah right down the street from BYU. Mormons get married *very* young compared to other faiths (which is why Utah is the youngest state-there's a high birth rate). I'm within the Mormon dating scene, and right now everything isn't that bad, but I imagine it gets harder during the school year. A lot of women leave for their missions too, which saturates the market (female enrollment at BYU dropped when women were allowed to serve at a younger age, starting a few years ago).
Not really. If they have a great profile, then they have a great profile.
Yup! I'm assuming the mentioning of a singles ward have it away ;)
Update?
Have fun!
Lots of call centers and a lot of IT type jobs. Construction and trucking seem to be big too. Good amount of NGOs are stationed here if that's your thing. It's really not hard to find something that pays the bills (rent in SLC and the surrounding area is very cheap, like $400/mo for a room). Within a month of moving here I got several interviews and call backs.   You can check out this site to get a feel for what's available: http://www.ksl.com/jobs
I'm nearing the end, and it's been okay so far. There are some great scenes, and a few sluggish parts. The thing about the book is that it's a micro-view of a larger event by zooming in on a single town and a few characters while the whole country fights off a disease. Similar concept to *The Leftovers* if you're familiar with that.
I'll get back to you in a month, ha! How long did it take you to finish?
You never know. I'll have a heated conversation with someone, only to realize they were right a few days later. We often don't admit we're wrong in the heat of the moment.
I hope the LP chooses someone more articulate than him for President. I don't mind his positions, and agree with a fair portion, but he's not good at elaborating why libertarian policies would be the best thing for the country. I found his book *Seven Principals of Good Government* to be horribly dull, compared to the works of Ron Paul. And all of his speeches similarly lack real substance.  Good luck to him, but here's hoping someone better gets the spotlight.
I wonder what she would do about ISIS if they appeared after the death of McCain. My best is that she would take whatever advice generals gave her (which probably wouldn't be too different from what Obama gets today), but at the same time, I wonder if Republicans would be more open to having boots on the ground with a fellow conservative in the White House, and if so, how would she react?   My big concern would be her foreign policy towards Asia (specifically China). We've seen Obama and his administration organizing the Asia pivot, but I'm unsure if Palin would follow that same direction. Would she be more openly hostile towards Chinese military aggressions? Probably.  And if so, this would cause a lot of problems.   But like others have said, age would probably have a good cabinet set up by McCain to rely on.
Oh I feel ya. I hate it when people with different views than me have the right to an education ;)  Check out that garage case I sent ya, and I recommend *Kindly Inquisitors* by  Jonathan Rauch, who writes about the importance of learning how to deal with bigotry in an open field, coming from the perspective as a gay man during the 70s. He talked at a FIRE conference I went to, and it was pretty cool learning about his experience.
When I ran for office, I did so because each election cycle the candidate for State Rep ran unopposed, and I noticed that 15% of voters managed to get to the voting booth but they cast blank ballots. This told me at least 15% of the city objected to current leadership, so I decided to give them a choice come November.   So casting a blank vote can signify a rejection of whoever is running, and let's the public know that.
Would you rather have Frank Underwood as President, or your mom has President?
There'd also need to be proof of what is in the beverage. You could be faking being drunk, and your drink could just be water.
None!   No has asked for it! Unless "Hey how are you" is secret code for "gimme dat dough".
I don't think you understand how complicated things were with engaging Taiwan, Japan, and Pakistan when negotiations with China began. There was a boat load of secret back channel talks and lies to the press to keep things under wraps until the timing was right. A lot had to be hidden, including some of Kissinger's visits to Beijing.   The important thing though is that what they did could really only have been done when they did it.   I recommend reading "Nixon and Mao: The Week That Changed the World" by Margaret MacMillan. Really detailed account of all the effort Nixon's team put into creating back channels and using them effectively, and how hard negotiations were with Mao when US forces were still deployed all over Asia.   Your claim was everything unraveled. I just don't see how that's true with China, when they're our second largest trading partner. Doesn't matter how "easy" (it wasn't) or "hard" it was, I'm just saying our relationship is still intact.
I don't think you're bad looking, but I wouldn't say you have great pics. Your main doesn't show you at all, which I'm sure you know. That's a little bit of a problem.   You should add something a little more serious to "What I'm Doing With My Life". Like what are you *actually* doing with your week? Job? School? Etc.  Overall, it's not too bad.
First, once you plan a regular meeting time, stick to it, no matter what, even if only two people will be there. Keep it consistent so you don't miss newcomers.   Second, collaborate with any other political groups on projects. Your group is going to start out small, so you need to build your network of other active students. Is the Black Student Union holding a rally on prison reform? Great, go ask how you can help. Is the Conservative Party club hosting a debate? See if you can join in.   And third, assuming you're American, if your club runs into any issues with your school censoring you, hit up FIRE (thefire.org), and they'll give you a hand in suing or getting publicity.
You can sort of do this when you rank questions "What you care about", which should work great if you only have a select number of things which are very important to you in finding a match.
[VISTA] Establishing residency for in-state tuition for college   Hi all!   I moved to a different state for my service, and am thinking about transferring to one of the local four year colleges after I finish. Since I would have been here for more than a year by the time I would start taking classes, I should qualify for in-state tuition, but I'm not really sure. I know every school has different requirements, but does anyone else have experience qualifying for in-state tuition in a new state after their year of service?
20 [M4R] Wyoming: Puritan Pioneer Seeks Platonic Partnership   Hi! I'm Dan, and I'm the most optimistic motherfucker you'll ever meet. In fact, it'll probably annoy the shit out of you half the time, but that just means you've got to try and up the anti to match my enthusiasm for everything.   Face and junk (on the right):  http://i.imgur.com/bmDh1Ya.jpg  I'm moving to Wyoming from Massachusetts soon. Wyoming, if you didn't know, lies in the middle of nowhere. Why am I moving there? I felt a little lost after a stint with college, and so I've joined Americorps to help homeless veterans get off the street, and give them a roof over their heads. I like helping people, and I volunteer often (mostly as a tutor). Like every 20 year old, I have no idea what I want to do, but I'm hoping it'll be something positive and impacting. The most rewarding feeling I get is giving my all for the betterment of someone else.   I get involved politics a lot, too. While I'm not grounded in all of my beliefs, I think it's important to be be a part of democracy. I'll knock on doors, hammer phones, or throw leaflets in people's faces for a cause I think is worth fighting for.   When I'm not being helpful to others, I'm playing civilization 5 (and losing), trying to get better at my shitty Chinese, reading the news, having arguments with strangers on the intertewbs (and losing), going around into the wilderness, or cooking myself food (and failing).   I'm an unemployment...I mean history major. Get me drunk, and I'll rant about US-Sino relations. Trust me, it'll be worth it. And on occasion I play dress up with my local freemasonry lodge, usually donning an old hat, sword, apron, and a pair of 18th century pants and shirt.  Like this: http://i.imgur.com/HqaveQ5.jpg  I mostly listen to chill music, chip tunes, alt-rock or alt-pop. Movies are sci-fi or thrillers. TV: 30 Rock, Parks and Rec, Lillyhammer, House of Cards, ST:TNG, The West Wing, X-Files, lots of animation (Bobs Burgers, Adventure Time, etc). And for reading: Phillip K Dick, history, law, public policy, and some Chinese novels which I struggle to understand.  I'm looking for friends, IRL or otherwise (no preference) to be silly with. I'm rarely serious unless prompted to be so. Typing, camming or using mics are all okay to me! Skype is my main mode of communication. I need someone who I can talk with pretty frequently, though. I'll be living far away from any meaningful civilization (it *is* Wyoming), so I may need the company!   Oh, and please be talkative. I can talk a lot, and need some sort of counter balance so I don't overload and explode.   Looking forward to our new immature friendship.