Fancy dress dad's rights campaigner found hanging in jail cell
The guy who made this video made countless other equally good one on other gender related issues, with hours and hours of original content interviewing figures such as Erin Pizzey. His original channels have disappeared, but some of the best vids are mirrored on other channels. Search for "manwomanmyth" for more similar content.   The follow channel has mirrored quite a few of the videos: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC71JvwMCwlbATlyWBonidug  Here's a good one to get you started: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjwe6ECiXi4
Why are we celebrating U.S. Soccer? - The handling of the Hope Solo case diminishes from the World Cup title
Reinstate DeAndre Johnson, stop blaming for being a victim of assault and defending himself
Suspend Hope Solo Immediately
Hospital: Boy's controversial circumcision did not happen at Joe DiMaggio Children's - WPEC-TV CBS12 News
What Really Happened At The Vancouver Slut Walk
Latest on Joe DiMaggio's Children's Hospital circumcision protest
'Spiteful' mother jailed over secret cremation of son
The police weren't the ones who introduced laws to make her action illegal, and to be fair there have been other police forces who've gone after people for significantly less extreme tweets and behaviour than this.
Petition to remove Bahar Mustafa from office at Goldsmiths University signed by more than 13,000 people in six days
I think the difference is that she has already graduated and therefore the university cannot do much directly. It's the Student's Union that is being hateful by continuing to employ her.  I wonder if there are other options open to the University, if they can't discipline her directly and if the SU refuses to do the right thing then perhaps they could just ban her from campus?
Under UK law "Rape" can only be committed by men. I'd assume the police are using the same sexist and exclusionary definition and therefore this campaign is focusing on the minority of males raped by other men.
BBC bans men from audience of the only election debate featuring the Justice for Men and Boys party. (and the host is female too!)
the aspects of having that exact money solely being spent on the child is incredibly difficult to manage.   No it isn't, the mother would easily be able to demonstrate that all the money (and more) went towards things for the child.  You're missing the point, there should be something in the law that states child support is to be spent on raising the child. If the mother has designer handbags and 100 pairs of shoes (and no job) and the child barely has any clothes, toys, books etc then there's something wrong and it should be illegal.
Kill all men Lib Dem proud of hating men, abuses block-bot position to silence critics
Man shaming and victim blaming: The A-Z of male suicide in the UK
In 2015 sexist feminists are the norm I'm afraid, and it's genuinely egalitarian feminists such as Christine Hoff Sommers who are the exception.  Feminism might have been about equality in 1960, but looking at the behaviour of most feminists then it's clear that isn't the case today.
I think it's a fair statement to make as these things tend to be based on previous results. It probably won't be an appropriate description in a month's time though.
I meant the motive behind them is 100% political, obviously they have to have more than a few genuinely offensive users on there in order to appear legitimate.  It's a men's rights issue becasue we're the ones constantly beign censored and defamed. We're the targets of these blocking campaigns, ahead of almost anyone else. Read up the the Symantec Rulespace scandal for a much more serious example of this (disclaimer - I've written more about that case than any other author so the chances are that you'll be reading my work or something based upon it).
The person who blocked wasn't going to listen to what the person they blocked had to say anyway, for whatever reason.  Well I agree your point apples to a lot of feminists and a lot of users of the block bots, but some people will be duped into using these block lists thinking they are genuine tools to block offensive users when they're actually 100% political.  Hearing well-argued and logical dissenting views really is a useful thing and of course there's the Twitter block function for dealing with very isolated incidents of harassment and blatant trolls.
Well how else does she propose on meeting this "need" to remove men from society other than using genocide. I can't really think of any other possible methods. Perhaps aborting male foetuses is nan alternative, though that's probably genocide too really.  And I'm not spreading any harassment campaign - she's the one promoting removing men form society and putting men in the bin. Her actions are clearly newsworthy and if she didn't' want to be in the headlines then she should keep spreading hatred on Twitter while occupying multiple executive positions in a major political party.
Actually that's not true at all, you can help out from afar in all sorts of ways.  For a start you can share J4M B links and videos, follow them on Twitter and retweet them. Comments on articles about J4M B help too.  Donations from abroad are also permitted just as long as they're not thousands and thousands of pounds.  Feedback is good too, for example you can suggest improvements and submit better academic sources for any weaker parts of the Manifesto.  They don't' even have a Wikipedia article yet either so perhaps someone could help with that also.
Be Reasonable: Merseyside Skeptics Society, Episode #026  Mike Buchanan (long and an actually civil interview)
There are now over 60 fake reviews thanks to the campaign by Erin Gibson: https://j4mb.wordpress.com/2015/01/26/erin-gibson-the-genius-orchestrating-spoiler-reviews-of-feminism-the-ugly-truth-on-amazon-com/  Doesn't seem to be the best strategy though because sales are up significantly. I guess people don't like this kind of thing. What do others think abut this tactic? (and about the book too if you've bought it)
I generally regard the BBC as biased cowards, though to give them credit they did at least show the cover on Newsnight. I can only guess that these cartoons are slightly more palatable to the Guardian/BBC management due to the the fact that Charlie Hedbo is left-wing. Still, a much welcome move and nice to see these two to actually be acting in a commendable fashion on this topic for a change. However, there's still no image on the BBC website.  A quick Google search shows quite a few US outlets publishing the image, such as CBS, Yahoo, Business insider and ABC.  The Telegraph only has the text, which is better than nothing and certainly preferable to both the Mail and independent who have nothing whatsoever.
You seem to assume that all Labour critics are fans of the Tories and vice-versa. While I'd certainty vote for the later over the former, I still regard most of them as idiots, and I'm proud to say I've never voted for either in any election and never intend to do so in the future.  In most policy areas there really isn't much difference between Lab/Lib/Con. While the ideologies can be a little different, they all now tend to have very similar approaches to all the main issues, all favouring their friends in big business, surveillance, censorship, PFI, the EU, mass immigration etc. You write the above as if we'd expect the Tories to have a totally different approach to spending to Labour. If Labour outflanked the Tories with buying votes with unsustainable and unpaid for spending, then it's quite hard politically to oppose such madness. Anyhow, your thinking is the opposite of reality, and we should in fact expect any two (or three) parties that were so similar ins o many areas to have essentially the same/similar (stupid) spending plans.  Put simply, the fact that your opponent is equally as incompetent and stupid as yourself, is not defence for reckless actions, and the Tories certainly aren't really to blame for much as they didn't actually do the damage themselves (merely being guilty to failing to oppose Labour in doing said damage). Furthermore, the Tories wouldn't have quite the same access to the books as Labour, thus might not have quite have appreciated the scale of the problem quite as soon as Labour would be able to.  Your last paragraph is also nonsense. For example there was at least 1 Lib Demo who predicted the crash and called out labour on it. I'm not sure what UKIP's position was but I'm sure they wouldn't have supported much of anything labour did so they probably hold the high ground too or at least don't deserve condemnation. The same probably goes for the Greens, and probably also any old-school genuine Conservatives.
Your post makes no sense. On one hand you argue he has the right to write the article, yet then you contradict yourself in wanting to see him expelled, therefore suggesting he isn't allowed to write it after all.  To make matters even worse, you want the victim expelled instead of the actual perpetrators of the crime! "Arguments" on this thread from U of M almuni such as yourself only go to show how his article hit the nail on the head and was clearly not only justified, but much needed.  It's also worth noting that some comments here look fairly similar to those of the perpetrators of the crimes.
The UK has provided some of the most important and groundbreaking groups/individuals in the history of the men's rights movement.  - Fathers4Jusitce forced the current debates on shared parenting and the right for children to see their fathers.  - Justice for Men and Boys, One of the few men's political parties.  - Erin Pizzey, founder of the world first domestic violence shelters, who now condemns the misandry of the very organisations she founded.  - Neil Lyndon, the author of the first modern, egalitarian critiques of feminism.
True, but unlike our opponents we're not hateful sexists here and we care just as much when feminist-inspired bullshit and hysteria impacts on women too.  On further issue is that the policy would essentially force men (and women) into relationships were it to become widespread. Given the various injustices that marriages causes for men, then this could be linked to men's's rights issues.
If a significant amount of time had elapsed then that points to them not having evidence in her favour either. Combined with here obvious mental issues then it's surely wrong for the police to have even classed the case as a genuine rape?  TBH it would be better if the gentleman was able to actually take action against the authorities for what he went through instead of his only recourse being to go after the accuser.
There's not a huge amount of merit to the first link (though I seem to recall reading about "street harassment" at the time and it meets your requirement of featuring a female victim so you should like it). You're way off for the other two though.  We have charities such as the NSPCC basically campaigning against men and fathers, and all sorts of groups and politicians suggesting fathers are a danger to their own children and using fraudulent statements to make the "case" that we shouldn't have shared parenting. Therefore when women murder their own kids it's more than legitimate to post such news, more even more so when they do so using such horrible methods, and more so again when there's possible custody issues on the horizon.  As for the final link, I firmly stand by that too as it shows a child far exceeding the policing abilities of not one but two trained WPCs working together. It therefore makes a hugely compelling case against lowering standards in the police and thus effectively discriminating against the best candidates by failing to recognise and take advantage of their much needed and obvious abilities. Not only is this harmful to such candidates, the weakening of police and fire serves though such policies also puts the general public in danger (and members of the emergency services too). In summary, my concern is not so much with the incompetent police, but with the victims of their policing and with the unemployed/underemployed candidate who should have been employed in their place.