Trump's religious talk causes unease among social conservatives
Yes, Trump's not dangerous at all.....
Most of those defending Trump have to be paid sock puppets. Half of the people (or more) who showed up for his candidate announcement were paid to be there. It's highly likely he's paying people to leave comments too.
You have just made a friend for life.
6 Reasons Why It's Hard for the Republican Party to Discredit Donald Trump
I was referring to fighting in war, not starting them.
But I've never heard Cheney, despite his faults, disparage POWs.  It's one thing to avoid war. It's another to avoid war and then insult those who served.
There's a difference between self-awareness and wisdom. Gaining one does not mean gaining the other.
There's a lot of books I feel that way about too. I think this is especially true of most classics.  Yeah, don't worry about being a little off my question. I'm not one of those hardcore redditors who scream when someone strays from the question or topic's content.
To say nothing of the fact that Oklahoma wasn't in the Confederacy. So they can't claim the lame "heritage" stance.
Confederate Flag Wavers Greet President Obama in Oklahoma
Democratic House Members Accuse Benghazi Panel of Abandoning Duty
GOP Congressman Thinks Donald Trump May Have Been Planted By The Democrats
Sign me up please
Pahlaniuk's Snuff
UNIX Command Guide
Then you need to read Blood Meridian.
Trump Leads in New Poll, Making GOP Sweat
Scott Walkers Unruly Wisconsin
Support grows for officer suspended for refusing to kill orphaned bear cubs | GrindTV.com
House scraps vote on Confederate flag in federal cemeteries
Paul Ryan: Threat of Government Shutdown Is Real Unless Dems Back Down
EDIT, did manage to find the story in full. The study cited by WSJ is old data from 1992-2003 whereas the study referenced by NASA was conducted between 1991-2011, a much wider breadth of data that includes practically an entire decade of additional information compared to the survey cited by WSJ.  If you read the NASA link it shows the reference to IOPublishing, which conducted the research of peer-reviewed journals, citing its sources and who compiled it.
Nope, it's true.  http://climate.nasa.gov/scientific-consensus/
Bush: "Longer Hours" comment taken out of context
"Don't the poor understand that they are better off when the rich make more?" (or something like that)  -Jack Donaghy, 30 Rock
Well the point I'm trying to make is that people can't stand Congress but they like their representative. They don't seem to understand that their representative is part of the problem. Their local votes have a nationwide impact.
You don't do more with less, you do less with less.
couldn't have said it better.
Here's a better joke for my missing it.  Four out of three people struggle with math.
Doesn't everything really start at the end of a screw?
NYSE trading halted; stocks extend losses as China, Greece weigh