[NSFW] Matt rapes saxophones   ###MattRapesSaxophones   (dan told all of us in the stream to shit-post on the subreddit. Dan also teased a new sonic 06 vid and a Dad3 Sonic 06 vid HYPE!!)
What mod is that?
DON'T BLEND COLD FRIES
Over all it is a better experience than reddit is providing now. Everyone on the internet is an asshole, at least these are honest.
The second. Pretty sure, someone correct me if I am wrong.
I don't have an XBOX One either, and I doubt my crappy PC would be able to play the remake. :p Thanks for the comment though.
This is not a picture, it is a website containing an image, but it also has multiple links. It is not a photograph either. Read the rules " and note that we are not a catch-all for general images (of screenshots, comics, etc.)" You literally broke 2 of the first rules. Right Click + Copy Image URL, post to /r/funny
I don't get it. :/
I didn't know if I was able to do that now. So if you are saying I can, then I will. Thanks
Why no NSFW. If a boss was walking behind you and saw this on your pc... well...
69
This HAS to be influenced by animal crossing! It is too similar! Also, once I wen into the comments the score dropped by 3... wut.
I'm just going to say something. I hope you guys don't hate too much on me. Why does /r/atheism have so much Christian hate!? This is about god not being real, yet we only focus on Christianity. Islam and Buddhism is just as stupid. Us saying it is bad for only Christians to be able to pray. All prayer is stupid. Why should we care?
Did I fuck up my entire run?   This is my first time with Dank Souls. I had a standard run I guess. Except my Quelaag fight. I don't know what happened. I fought her over and over again. Kept dying. After 69 times I go and she isn't there. I never got her soul. I cannot make Quelaags Fury Sword. From every lets play I see they ALWAYS use that sword. Is there any alternative to that sword that I could use in Anor Londo or if any of you have a Quelaag sword or souls that doesn't fit your build could I have it? Keep in mind I am a noob. Thanks! :D
Holy FUCK! This shit is AMAZING! :D
Austin Flak Dream 8:34 PM 4/22/2015
Oh, yeah. Sorry I got confused. :p
Hug now?
Way, way back. I loved CP, Club Penguin. Club Penguin got me my first "girl friend". We dated for about a week. One day we were at the club and she said. Moon, I have something important to tell you. I was confused. They then took off all their clothes, then put on ganster clothes. She then said. "I'm a boy" My Username of steam is train_subject1909
But I thought chivalry was sexist?
You won't get karma because it is a text post. :p
Did you preorder? No? Here's how to get the exclusives!   I didn't preorder, I didn't have the money at the time, I really wanted the exclusives. I got them, legit, here is how. If you don't have the game yet, great, if you do, you need some extra money. Anyway here's the point. At Walmart, because they don't know how games work, you can still get the Day 1 edition! The code works too! It is valid until 2099, so you'll be fine.  EDIT: Sorry! Only console!! :(
Sometimes after a road trip at night my wife licks the bugs of the grill and while they are in her mouth she blows me. The scary thing is, when I posted complete bullshit, you didn't even question it. This thread has changed me.
Okay, will take. Thanks. :)
It was a Cloverfield done right in my opinion. It has the scares, suspense, everything you need. It is inspired slightly bi Slenderman but really added most of the iconic Slender things like the noise when he's around, the static, many other things I won't spoil. Its great but expect the spoops. :D
Is hooked in incredibly dangerous and addictive drug that could kill the user any day and finally gets off drug.     Gets mocked on internet by someone who has no experience with the drug and how addictive and terrible it is.  Dick move OP, Dick move you filthy, scumbag OP. I hope you enjoy your fucking reddit gold.
Yeah
My PC can't run anything. I am playing on PS3. I do have steam if we could chat over that so I could learn how to play the game that would be great.
So if I wanted to play with someone, I would just have to wait around?
But what did it expand from? Or do we not know? Sorry this is probably a stupid question but I couldn't understand all te stuff I found on google haha
But he's a guy.
haha, thanks. yeah im kinda derp when it comes to well, everything. xD Anyway I found a really stupid fun mod http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/52622/?