I have a feeling this was not an accident by the Republicans.  They seem to have been doing this more and more lately, where behind closed doors they agree on a way where they can vote one way and get the opposite.  Nobody in their constituency cares about how they voted 6 months ago.  But when they all vote no and Obama overrides them, they can call Obama a dictator monarch president and talk about how he is taking over america and trying to ruin the country.  It seems like even Fox should be able to ask the simple question of if you really did not want this Iran deal, why did you vote for a bill that you fully knew would allow an Iran deal to happen.
There is a difference between punishing them, and handicapping them.  How would you feel if for every person we sent to jail we cut off a their foot.  The worse the crime the more you loose, so shoplifting it a toe, grand theft auto is your foot, and murder is leg below the knee.  If you proposed this people would say this is horrible.  People would be unable to care for themselves once they leave prison.  What people do not recognize is this is what we already do this to people mentally.  When you treat a person like an animal and don't give them the chance to better themselves, than they are going to turn into an animal.  Are prisons these days are the breeding ground for even worse criminals, and even if you do get out we make life so hard for you once you get out that it is likely that you will be forced to return soon.  We are basically cutting their leg off as "punishment" and then blame then when they can't contribute to society when they get out of prison.  So we should ask ourselves is it worth it to "punish" these people with the enormous amount it costs us both monetary and soacially to everyone else.
New Horizons LORRI Image (2015-07-07 22:46:05 UTC)
Yea i agree, imagine if it happened while it was going by that would suck so bad.
Thanks for that interesting to know.
There are multiple reasons why this wouldn't work, that have been addressed in other threads.  1. The first is the legs, they are not strong enough to support the whole rocket.  Just having an empty second stage, and Dragon on top would add a significant amount of weight to the craft.    2. You would not be able to get fuel out of stage 2 further exacerbating problem 1 as well as problem 3 and 4.  3. Now we get into control problems.  When flying through the atmosphere on a rocket, you want the heavy end going first, followed by the light end for stability purposes (this is not that un-similar from a dart or arrow.).  When the rocket launches the top is the heavy end.  When the first stage is flying in for landing the bottom where the engines are is the heavy end.  By keeping the top on the rocket you mess all this up, now the top is heavy, but you are flying engines first.  This setup is unstable, and most likely will lead to the aerodynamic forces flipping the rocket around.   4.  Similar to the first problem the grid-fins, which are normally located all the way at the top of the first stage would now be a third of the way down the rocket rendering them ineffective.  What makes the grid-fins so effective, is the long arm to the center of gravity(basically they are about as far away from the center of gravity as possible, like the tail on an arrow.).  Having the top on the rocket puts the grid-fins very close to the Center of mass rendering them useless.  This would make targeting anything as small as a landing platform impossible.   In perfect conditions, and with some retrofitting, like strengthening the legs, moving the grid-fins to the dragon trunk and adding a way to vent/transfer fuel to stage 1 from stage 2, you might be able to do it.  but now what you have done is designed a new rocket that is capable of this RTLS abort.  This seems like it may be reasonable until you think about how many circumstances this may actually be used. There are virtually none, because if Falcon is functioning well enough to do this maneuver, it is probably capable of getting to orbit.  This maneuver is much harder than just getting to orbit.    So if things were going south and you want to cut your losses, aborting the Dragon capsule, bringing the 1st stage in for landing, and just accepting the loss of the second stage, seems much more reasonable and has a much better chance of working than attempting a full stack landing.
If you watch the video It seems like the sentiment is it is amazing that SpaceX has had such a good run.  They don't seem to blaming SpaceX for this failure they seems to be saying that SpaceX has been doing an excellent job, and this was bound to happen eventually.
Link to information page of photo.  http://pluto.jhuapl.edu/soc/Pluto-Encounter/view_obs.php?image=data/pluto/level2/lor/jpeg/029768/lor_0297689038_0x630_sci_1.jpg utc_time=2015-06-27%3Cbr%3E05:32:00%20UTC description=OpNav+Campaign+4%2C+LORRI+1X1 target=PLUTO range=20.6M%20km exposure=150%20msec
I think that this might be getting blown out of proportion.  A lot of times you can make something sound bad when it really isn't.  If NASA signed off on this fix, I am tempted to believe they thought it was a reasonable way to fix the problem.    Here is an example of another way you could write this.    * Insider says that cracks in the tank liner came up occasionally.  They would fix problem by applying a layer of teflon to the area in order to prevent cracks from spreading.  When you word it like that it sounds a lot less like shoddy workmanship and a lot more like legitimate repair practice.    Even if they were doing this we don't now that this was the cause.  Elon said that it was an over pressurization event.
My first thought was i didn't know they made warthogs that early.  Then I realized it was a B-24.  Edit:B-25
The earth King has invited you to [Lake Laogai](https://www.reddit.com/r/LakeLaogai).    More seriously though I son't think the movie affected the show that much.  It seems like for the most part they have ignored it.  But there is no doubt that the martial arts and more creative fighting bending and choreography was missing from Korra.  The only thing that got close to TLA style bending was Wan in beginnings pt 1 and 2
Move over LA  Mexicos Puebla is where hip meets holy - NYPost (xpost - r/Puebla)
I googled and this is the best I could find I can not spell.
Opportunity :: Front Hazcam :: Sol 3996
Feliz 5 De Mayo   Hola todos y Bienvenido a /r/Puebla!!! Esta es el primer anuncia del subreddit y Qu mejor da para abrir esta subreddit de Cinco De Mayo!
Yea I understand that.  If it does pass I sure hope that it gets struck down.
Can you link them?
Ohh i get what you are saying, dragon is attached to the bottom front not the front.  I forgot about that.  I guess you could move the docking adapter and attach dragon to the end, but that would be a bunch of extra work.
I would say the Dragon V2 reveal and now the Tesla Power wall have both been big hits.  I think they have been doing a pretty good job.  You also have to weigh in the fact that Elon is becoming a bit of a star so people will naturally want to hear what he says.  Just having him him do the presenting creates hype around whatever it is he is presenting.  Even if he stammers here or there, the enthusiasm shows through, and it feels genuine.  Personally I thought the Dragon V2 reveal was great, and while the Tesla today wasn't as smooth, it was just as exciting.
How do you not under volt your LIPO?   So I am getting into the hobby, I purchased a used quad a few months ago and enjoy flying it, but now i want to do some airplanes as well.  With my quad the KK2 board has an alarm and voltage meter hooked in so when the voltage gets low the alarm starts to ring and i know to land.  My question is how do you keep from under volting your LIPO on an airplane, that does not have a control board?    I am looking into getting some of these Lemon Rx Receivers http://www.lemon-rx.com/shop/index.php?route=product/product path=59 product_id=92
I have not, I have sailed Lasers, Sunfish, 420s, and FJs.  Slightly larger boats I have sailed have been Flying Scotts and Thistles.  Out of those  I would say Sunfish is my favorite but I am also biased.  If you have sailed 420's or FJ's I would say both the Sunfish and the Laser feel like a faster more agile boat than either of those.  The 420 is like driving a truck, where the Laser and Sunfish are more like go-karts.  I saw somebody suggest going and borrowing or renting them and seeing what they are like.  I think that is a good suggestion.  Again though, make sure they are in good condition otherwise it wont give you he right impression of the boat.  As for the downsides of the two boats, the Laser is tipsy because of its round hull and when sailing especially in heavy wind, you never really get a break.  The Laser is also not that great for carrying more than one person, because the coordination gets hard with the boat being tipsy.  I would say the Sunfish is good on both of these points.    The Sunfish on the other hand is slightly slower than the laser, and due to the lateen rig can not point quite as high.  Both of these are really only noticeable when you are sailing next to a Laser or maybe if you have gotten used to the characteristics of sailing a laser.  Thats really all I can think to tell you.  You probably all ready know this but when buying a sunfish or a Laser, you should not bother with a boat that has any leaks.  I know in the sunfish the foam on the inside and the fiberglass absorbs the water and really weigh the boat down, even after you have drained it.  The hull on a new sunfish weighs 120 pounds so if you go look and a Sunfish and it weighs a ton than it is not worth buying, a Sunfish should be easy to pick up with two people.  Thats really all I can think of, is the Laser Pico similar to the 420 or the FJ?  What other boats have you sailed maybe I can help give you a compassion.
oops lol
That would be great.  The guy has a great message (campaign finance reform), and form the video interview the Tampa Bay times did it sounds like he has his head on strait(Ignoring the fact he flew into DC that is pretty crazy).  He didn't just fly it up there, he did a lot of planning, and it sounds like he did his best to alert authorities of his plans, kind of amazing no one stopped him.
If you guys are interested in this should come check out /r/New_Horizons. It is dedicated to posting updates about New Horizons as it gets closer to Pluto.
How NASA's New Horizons Mission to Pluto Works (Infographic)
This is silly you don't need to take pilots out of the cockpit and completely automate the plane, you just need to fix your procedure.  make it so the pilot is not alone in the cockpit.  Thats what they do in the US.  When one pilot goes to the bathroom a flight attendant goes into the cockpit.  This is just people not thinking.  its like saying we need to design cars without tires because we got a flat one time.  Maybe it is more practical just to take along a spare.  You don't need to completely reinvent the wheel.  Not to mention I would be way more concerned about my plane being completely flown by a computer rather than two very capable pilots.
Very Cool
I was just saying the truth.  I didn't like the pink just like most of the old community.  I like this subreddit, and its nice that it looks like its supposed to again.  I don't think anything I have been saying has been hateful or slanderous towards the subreddit or you.  I have just been saying the truth.  Read the context of the posts I have made and I think you will see that most cases I have even defended your recent actions putting the subreddit back the way it was.    I am sorry if there was any confusion.  Sometimes words can sound different when you are writing them than when someone else reads them.
NASA Making Plans for When Russia Seperates It's Sections From ISS
If I die on Mars | Guardian Documentary about Mars One [X-post (r/redplanet) (r/space)]
Full Video Of President Obama's Interview With NPR : The Two-Way : NPR
Astronauts-Eye View of NASAs Orion Spacecraft Re-entry