A California judge has barred payment of attorney fees to a class action firm after finding it attempted to arrogate to itself more than $5 million in class action attorneys fees without court approval.
Beautiful and touching post.  I was the king of false pride and pretend courage.  I guess what I'm saying was that the precursor to honesty for me wasn't so much courage as a whole lot of exhaustion and a tiny bit of willingness to admit that everything I felt, everything I thought might, possibly, could be...wrong.  With that openness to the possibility that I was living a lie--everything changed.  Great track.  Here's one [Live Forever](https://youtu.be/aeJ4kp1AwY4)
Hey double-D here's [a pic of my Saharid Club where I resumed my AA participation in 2009.](http://imgur.com/2uYPzpX)  As you can see it's not as lovely are your venue.  A wood clad, concrete block building over a service garage owned by Indian-Americans.
As the mod of the /r/badlawyer subreddit I can attest to this.  Really it's fraud, perjury, theft, and violence that will get you tossed.  Amazingly though, there is a former major crime prosecutor in Cleveland who while coked up shot his girlfriend at close range; went to prison for 7 years; and, who was reinstated.  Amazingly the same court disbarred a longtime civil attorney who didn't file and didn't pay income taxes (no fraud involved.)   Go figure.
Rick Santorum attacks Scott Walker as not anti-gay enough, while Walker backtracks on bigoted Boy Scout remark
Put-in-Bay cop fired again | Volusia County sheriff gives deputy Steve Korossy the boot same day former island police sergeant indicted; watch his 'Strange island arrests' video here
This is what Obama asserted was the only alternative offered by critics of the Iran-Nuke Deal.   How cool would that be?  War with Iran, sheesh, these people are idiots.
LOL, I'm amused and all you had to do was describe the idea.
I think this is right.  Here's what I KNOW happened: he enters a guilty plea to a federal felony and as part of the pre-sentencing process there is a standard psychological assessment that turns up paranoid and delusional disorders that are concerning to US Probation and the Bureau of Prisons.  As his behavior under their supervision becomes more bizarre--instead of sending him to prison the US District Court seeks a mental health assessment and recommendation.
Sorry.  I probably wouldn't have posted the link at all but one of the newer mods took down my link to the TimesDispatch story about the Circuit affirmance of the corruption conviction as off-topic.  This article points out why it is totally on-topic.
Congratulations, my friend.  An invite to join us on /r/dinos will shortly follow in your inbox.
At supper an hour ago, I said essentially these words to my wife.  In fact add the fact that I am a white guy born in the deep south, you get no argument from me that this flag is an offense to my black brothers and sisters.  As flawed as I am personally, that flag should no longer be officially in the face of black Americans.
I don't disagree with this.  I think he's a little nuts having heard him extemporize and call a Ohio State Trooper, a jerk because the officer  pulled him over for speeding.  But he is competent and way-too-sane by GOP standards.
Yes, but why are the citizens of Ohio funding our Gov's run for another political office.  Security for a presidential run is a whole lot more involved and expensive than for a vacation for a non-presidential candidate.  I think then SC Gov. Mark Sanford proved that.
I think it's a mistake to think just because someone makes money they can't also be an idiot or politically and socially unacceptable.  Trump falls into that category in my opinion.  He is beyond the pale.
I slipped through a changing light the other day in a retail district of my town.  The Honda from the side street that I passed on my right pulled up beside me and the passenger rolled her window down and said, "You give all bicyclists a bad name."  I replied, "Yeah, that's a shame, but even people on bicycles make mistakes, though I'm sure you never do."  Let's not all pretend that every action or inaction is from a place of malice or arrogance.
When the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that same-sex couples have a constitutional right to marry, Texas Republican leaders responded defiantly, vowing to do their best to protect government officials who refuse to recognize gay marriage because of religious objections.
That's great!
Steinman was huge in Cleveland because of Meatloaf.  I knew the CBS-Sony Exec the late Steve Popovich who signed 'Loaf and later was involved in multi-year litigation with Sony over that album.  But that was my only familiarity with Jim Steinman.  Nice track, very new wave-ish.
Chris Christie Tells It Like It Is (When He Isnt Dodging the Question)
[The opinion of the court is at this link.](http://www.supremecourt.gov/opinions/14pdf/13-1314_kjfl.pdf)
My dear, /u/catbustime -- I am so proud of you.  You are doing awesome.
I am not drinking TODAY no matter what happens good or bad.  I'm going to keep SOBER in Sunny and Dry (for the moment) Cleveland, all day.
That's right.
I'm trying to remember ever meeting an alcoholic who LIKED being told what to do.  I'm sure there are one or two, but they're rare.  I love giving advice and I hate taking it; but I guarantee you that when I finally right-sized my ego, the good advice that I took worked out well for me.    I love AA and AA meetings, but over time--not drinking, actively listening, I learned who I should listen to, and who I could discount.  Believe it or not, after awhile, people I discounted started to make a bit more sense.  Funny, that.
I don't think that's the issue, here.  The issue is the promises confidently made by this Governor who wants to be president and who got his cred by "disciplining public labor unions" as a pro-growth and pro-business political paradigm.  Typically, the rhetoric doesn't match the reality.
Hail new centurion!   It totally got easier for me at a 100 days; in fact, it sounds to me like you are on the verge of a significant breakthrough if you aren't already there.  Keep doing what you're doing.
True story: many years ago I had a client who was killed after being crushed by a casting at a steel factory when an overloaded crane collapsed.  Should have been a no-brainer workers' compensation death claim but on autopsy the pathology report noted 12 nanograms of THC.  The claim was disallowed because--my man was presumptively high.  I hired the leading expert in that era on the subject of THC intox who testified that he and other scientists tried to arrive at a scale of THC intox based on the blood-alcohol model and had utterly failed.  He indicated that there is no means of objectively measuring impairment from THC based on presence in the bloodstream.  I won my case.  Frankly, this should not have been an issue since my deceased worker was not involved in any operational respect as it related to the casting or crane that killed him, but why let a little logic get involved in depriving a widow of death benefits.
What I'd try to do is remember that alcoholism is a well-recognized medical disease and TRY to treat my in-law with compassion.  More than even that I would remember that as an active alcoholic in the immediate past I personally was no prize to my wife and children.  Out of respect for my immediate family, I would practice love and tolerance of my troubled in-law during his brief stay.    Most importantly for myself, I would continue to make the daily decision not to drink TODAY, doggedly persist, and above all remember that it is One Day at a Time.  Best of luck with this tough situation.
Here's one of the coolest things about sobriety--you get to discover what is your new normal.    You're very smart to seek as much support at this stage of the journey because **in early sobriety we need to extinguish the old reinforcers of drinking friends, drinking venues, and drinking activities.**  That is why successful recovery is almost always a journey of fellowship.
GOP Swiftly Rejects Obama's 'One-Sentence Fix' to Obamacare If Supreme Court Voids Subsidies
New here? The Baby Steps are a pretty good place to start stopping--now newly revised with a link to the daily check-in.   The [Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) is a post that I published in several versions.  It's made up of information that helped me stop drinking and get sober + ideas suggested from among others, /u/offtherocks.  My pal, /u/Flow_Morpheous_Flow noticed a typo so with the need to make that slight revision I added a link to the daily check-in, too.    So if you're **new here** I hope you will consider making the [Baby Steps](http://www.reddit.com/r/SDCleveAkron/comments/2i427b/the_baby_steps_where_to_start_stopping/) and [the Daily Check-in](http://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/checkin) part of your Stop Drinking routine.