I think it was amazing, minus just a few tweaks. It was very moist while still holding a good shape. The only two things Id change were:  A.) add more lemon flavor than I did  B.) wait until the cake was completely cool to pour the frosting over so it didn't just roll down the sides.    Overall, great cake and definitely worth a try.  The sweetness of the cake was a great offset to the tart blueberries!
Thanks for the tip! I'll try that next time.
Guide to a Delicious Lemon Blueberry Pound Cake!
Hey! Crazy, I just saw this on my facebook feed this morning. It happened in a super small town in Georgia. That's awesome though, don't mess with off duty redneck fireman, you'll get rekt.
Very. She had diabeetus.
Oh god. Maybe. That is too accurate
[bruh.](http://imgur.com/YoYcGjv)  Just a little sketch I did, hope you enjoy it :)
No I am a big burly man who loves you. Look at my picture.  https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/7c/3e/6c/7c3e6c50d78259d530b7d703501c8c99.jpg
Now it just sounds like you're calling a random man on the internet darling.
You should probably go to the doctor, pal.
My Boyfriend and I dressed up as Link and a Hunter a couple years ago at Dragon*Con, draw us? :)
Oh my god yes. even better
I know that, it was just a joke.
Bruce Jenner's female name should've been Jenny Bruce.
No no I'm sure you do! I just haven't met many and those who are don't really seem to like to talk about it.
I suppose that is true, women do seem to respect men and women the same.   I'll be your friend! :)
Hm, that's really interesting. The upper body strength makes sense, but I wouldn't expect the jalapeo thing.
It's all good! It's related to my question and it is still very interesting!
Transgenders of Reddit, what are some effects of hormones and transitioning that helped you understand physical struggles the other sex has that you didnt understand before transition?   Edit: or emotional struggles Edit 2: it also doesn't have to be serious struggles, anything you just weren't expecting or didn't understand before
This looks delicious! I don't love eggs but this looks really great.  Side note: My dad went to Mexico once and stayed at a resort, ordered room service for the following morning while intoxicated, ended up ordering 3 different plates of this, among other things. He ate a bite off each plate lol.
http://imgur.com/Zh5cg0r  Pretty sure I nailed it. A++ Art Skills.
LOL, this is fantastic. After that scene I could only picture that pitch as Don just picking up a gun and shooting himself in the face.
ELI5: Why are car year models a year ahead of the current year?   Example: the 2014 Honda Accord was sold in 2013
Call me Dahlonega because I'm always 30 minutes from Cumming.
Zelda Wall Mural - all freehanded (WIP)
I've completed part of it, and next I'm going to add the moon from majora's mask, and maybe skull kid. :)
Wow dude, great job!! I frickin' love it!
Thanks! And I will most likely, these fuckers are just so butthurt.
Thank you! :) nice to see some positive comments
Hey asshole, I only made an account because SO really likes reddit. I wish I could really just jump through the internet sometimes and punch people in the dick.
Geez, fuck off. Leave him alone.   Spoiler alert: you're the cunt, and you never going to get any.
Hey, girlfriend here. Thanks to you guys who defended me. When I handed this to him, I flat out told him that it wasn't my design, so I didn't pass it off as mine. Second, I did what I did out of love. I had an extra canvas and I knew he liked that poster, so I wanted to paint it because what does just buying a poster really say about how you care for someone. I had one day to do it, between work, school, and driving an hour each way to see him, and it's hard for me to be creative under stress. Because of that I didn't really have time to do my own design but I wanted him to have something I painted. So for the record, I fucking love that kid, and all this is meant to be is a gift :)