Sizzling specs for the Huawei Nexus disclosed by @evleaks: Snapdragon 820, 5.7" QHD display, more
ELI5: How is it that Sony and Microsoft, two competing companies, eight years after their last console launches, ended up launching the PS4 and Xbox One within a week of each other?
Square Enix made the Final Fantasy 7 remake because the developers are hitting that age
Miles Luna Interview: The biggest addition we've made to the Red vs Blue edit suite is just gamepad holders
FIFA 16 vs Pro Evo 2016: Which game has the edge?
An excellent point! I wonder how people found this out though.
The 13 best RPGs on Steam
Sony Launches Xperia A4 Mid-Ranger in Japan, with Advanced 20.7MP Main Camera
Solar Bike Path Generates More Energy Than Expected
C.H.I.P. Is a Tiny, Incredibly Powerful Mini $9 PC That Runs Linux
Lenovo K80 features 4 GB of RAM and a 4000 mAh battery, will compete with Asus ZenFone 2
Nearly One Million Order Apple Watch on First Day It's Available
4oD is dead, long live All 4: Channel 4's new on demand service launches 30 March
Razer to make a VR headset with built-in Leap Motion hand tracking sensor
I can't speak to Chromecast, but I'd argue Amazon on demand is quite a big USP - there's not really one big a la carte rental service for movies and TV on Roku otherwise, apart from the fiddly and limited Sky Store.
Report: 2013 HTC One M7 could get Android 5.1
Lollipop being prepared for the Galaxy A series, Samsung hasnt started work on Android 5.1, nothing yet for the Galaxy Note 2
GTA V back on top of UK retail charts; now within two weeks of Vice City's series record
What is the practical joke you've always dreamed of playing on someone, but never had the chance?
Developer finds a way to make Android Wear work with his iPhone
Dell's new 10 inch tablet runs Android 5.0 and packs a (chunky) keyboard dock
Sizzling new renders of the HTC One (M9) pop up: the best-looking ones we've seen so far
Xenoblade Chronicles X director on the concept behind the game's mechs
WhatsApp now provides end-to-end message encryption
When did Dark Souls click for you?   Hey all - just picked up the first DS after hearing lots of good things. I'm only an hour or so in, but I'm curious to know, when did this game click for you? Combat is slow and sticky at the moment, with frustratingly long character animations. Also, the lack of a proper pause button doesn't seem like something to make the game challenging, just alienating to anyone who has some notions of balancing this game with other activities in their life and home. Thoughts? When did you go "I get dis"?
You can send one 140 character message back in time to one person in history. Who is it to, and what does it say?
Interesting points, I didn't know that about the organisation limits. I think part of me thinks that because eSports teams aren't tied to locations that they need some form of shared history/heritage, something a team name provides. Just my two cents!
A financial necessity? Absolutely.   That being said I do think a lot of personality is lost with these sorts of team names. A sports equivalent: there is a football/soccer team in the UK called Total Network Solutions and it is a laughing stock for it. Branded names have no history, emotion or location to them, and I do think that's a shame, this Worlds matchup being an extreme example.  I'm not sure what the solution is, and there probably doesn't need to be one but I do wonder if it might not be a bit off-putting for newcomers.
FYI the original source is here http://www.redbull.com/en/games/stories/1331682984950/assassin%E2%80%99s-creed-unity-preview-and-interview
Not me, but someone I know had a rabbit that needed an injection daily. Went away for a few days, and his mother did it in his place, except with a mixture of air and the wrong liquid in the syringe. Rabbit died horribly. :(
The LG G3 has I think been sorely overlooked by the press (but not you guys). The screen will cut you just by looking at it, it's that sharp.
I'm a bit miffed about this as a current 3DS owner, but also puzzled by this from a business perspective. Why does Nintendo want to quarter or half the large handheld audience it's built up which is its most profitable business right now? Because segmenting the 3DS with a blockbuster title like Xenoblade rather than some rubbish DSiWare would seem to be a good way of doing that.