When punctuation is critical.
I found this on reddit a few days ago. Anyone remember the name of the artist   painting?
Ouch bro. Ouch.
Sure! What's your email? Feel free to add me on LinkedIn as well.
Right now, I'm at a b2b marketing firm working data entry. Ideally,  I'd like to stay in the marketing industry.  Looking for something entry level. I also have sales experience,  door to door marketing experience, and event marketing experience. College educated (bachelor's from Florida State), and more restaurant experience than is probably healthy.
i dated a chick who's cat had downs syndrome. they're derpy as hell.
Holy fuck that's awesome.
I think I might be onto something.
Another Pennsylvania gem, yeast-raised rings.
Yeah, between the 45th and 42nd floor. I happened to run into him near the elevator lol.
Holy shit! That's awesome! I've been tossing around the idea of doing that kind of scarecrow, but yours is way more involved and detailed than I thought possible.
My cousin designed that guitar.
Someone at my work has a good sense of humor. (When you see it.)
Genius.
I felt the exact same way. You're not alone.
...well played.
I was considering organizing a Reddit meet-up for Dragon*Con. Would you be down?
[Self] WIP cape for my Tetsuo costume for this year's Dragon*Con here in Atlanta.
Bahahaha
I actually did that a few years ago. Clearly doesn't for the context of the movie. Any idea where it's from?
I get to deliver to some cool places for my job.
I feel your pain.
This is my mom's 'ferocious' 85lb German Shepherd, Lizzie, keepin' it classy.
I want one of those!
Which one of you is this? Spotted in Sandy Springs, GA. (x-post from r/georgia)
Mine is an 08.
My car finally hit puberty.
I see what you did there...
Congrats man stay strong!
Nostalgia (x-post of mine from r/idbuythat)
Yeah I'm on medication. It took years to figure out what worked. But life is pretty good now. I hope your friend gets the help he needs. Tell him I'm rooting for him. I'll definitely let you know if I get his drawing as a tattoo. Does he have any other drawings?
She's not in the kitchen.