Avatar
lmao the trap beat
semi-speedrunning, had just finished breezing through Heide's and the FoFG without levelling, pwned the Pursuer via the parry-ballista method, then stupidly got stuck in the gate room with the 5~10 royal soldiers in Lost Bastille and double death lost everything. Wasn't a gross amount of souls, but it was a big hit since it was like over 50k souls right at the start of the game. Basically said fuck it and started over.
When you mad that you won an invasion...   So I decided to cap this character just before 2m soul memory to perpetually help with Velstadt because he's my favourite boss. I'm at around 1,980,000 SM with just enough souls to buy the agape ring (first mistake) and for some reason I stupidly decided to leave Staids bonfire unlit this playthrough (second mistake) so i'm making my way over from the one in Sinners Rise. I get invaded by some guy, and not wanting to go over 2M, I plan to let him win. Only as soon as I gesture, he just runs straight off the cliff. Like he knew.   Anyway, [this](http://i.imgur.com/CQ8AY5t.jpg) is what I was left with after the smoke cleared. _  TLDR: Ill-timed suicidal invader messed up my whole playthrough plan just by diving off a ledge.
On that note, I would love even more easter egg/joke weapons. You're in midst the heated clash of zwei on geisteel when suddenly -bong- parried by a goddamn frying pan
I agree, I'm casually playing through ALBW right now and to be honest all it does it make me want to play the old GBC games. Seasons was always my favourite of the two.   I can't say anything bad about ALBW (Although going in blind I thought it was going to be incredibly short until the Lorule world was revealed) but the Oracle games and even LA DX definitely have the nostalgia factor for me, and that's the main reason why I play Zelda so they win. Plus the puzzles were definitely more difficult back in the day. I replayed the Oracle games last summer and still constantly found myself looking up walkthroughs for puzzles. ALBW hasn't given me as much trouble so far...
LOL
Black Iron or Elite Knight. In 2 it's Heides with Alva helm and loyce leggings
How to get Loyce Armour?   I have my 35 loyce souls in my inventory but I get no new dialogue from Alsanna and the ice on the stairs hasn't receded at all yet. Is there something else to it i'm not doing right or did they increase the number of souls required in SotFS?
Different strokes :) That sounds pleasant too. And don't worry haha we have a special, lower table for drinks.
Great live set by Abdulla Rashim, a deep techno WIZARD
Lol I feel like thats why Dark Souls is so well received. It's a game about western fantasy tropes made by Japanese people, so they kinda fucked it all up in the best way possible. It has a certain degree of familiarity but the formula has also been shook up enough that you have no idea what to expect.
Gargoyle bike is tight
Yooo I want one
Age of Empires and the school library! I was a nerdy little child.
What he said ^
I agree he's probably one of the easiest high level boss fights, next to pinwheel..
Here's some stuff i'm into. I can't afford these particular brands so I settle for minimal, toned down versions of the look, but this is the kind of aesthetic I really dig.  Aitor Throup   http://imgur.com/nVWpVHz http://imgur.com/tFdAgrr  Musee Noir http://imgur.com/G6jobC4 http://imgur.com/ZGMZWtX  DEMOBAZA  http://imgur.com/ialTYdk
I disagree and personally hope this completely ruins her career. She straight up roasted that woman, that's the kind of shit that makes depressed people go home and off themselves. If only more rampant bitches were forcibly humbled like this maybe the world wouldn't be such an intolerable place for all us "regular folk."   Not even on my worst day ever would I resort to that kind of language and behaviour, and i'm just a nobody college student not some professional whose entire image is based on public perception. If she was really half as smart and savvy as she's convinced she is she'd have never acted that way to anyone, ever..
Also read up about the legendary nightclub Berghain. It's literally a standing temple devoted to hedonism and cheap overindulgence to this day. It  began as a sex club that happened to play music and evolved from there. It is what immediately came to mind when you described the sort of place you envision.
A good chunk of the world still has trouble feeding themselves.. This idealistic article fails to take into account that this technology will only be available to a relatively small percentage of wealthy people with expendable time and income, generally first world countries. Sure it's gonna be awesome for those who can afford it, but it's likely not going to stop any ideological wars in chaotic countries that don't even have adequate basics such as food, shelter, etc.
great selection mate!
I want to go PLP too but then i'd be covering up my monitors :( small desk/room problems..  Anyway nice setup, just made some student jealous ;)
At the basic level you are right: don't post shit you don't want others to see. But the issue here is more what an incredible display of unprofessionalism it is to monitor your students online presence unsolicited. And the fact that OP is clearly not aware of how negatively his actions are actually being perceived by anyone whose opinion is actually relevant to the scenario.
Sorry if this has already been posted and sorry for the quality of the video (There are newer uploads but the original is the only one with english subtitles - plus the shitty translation adds to the humour imo)  Anyways one of my earliest and best stoner memories is getting high for one of the first times and then stumbling across this video with a friend. Since we were both kinda nerdy we understood most of the references and sound clips, and it just made for an awesome random experience when I was young and new to the herb. Germans and I would get along apparently.
K sorry got distracted! Added you though.
Thanks man! I appreciate it. :)
I would be willing to argue that most people here are actually aware that it's a blanket...you're kinda missing the point.
Hmmm I just got all this free stuff from my loving family... I better go complain about it on the internet now.
haha sweet :) i don't even know what that is lol. I would have taken literally anything. Thanks for the trade mate!
for sure!
[trade] LF: Original 3 Starters | FT: Other various starters   [trade] So i'm looking for Squirtle, Bulbasaur, and Charmander. I have for trade any of the following, bred from an egg level 1: Snivvy Piplup Chikorita Treecko  Also I have an extra ditto.  Thanks!   Ps if you happen to have Totodile or Cyndaquil and want to trade for any of the above, that works too!