The data is from Bryan Perry, Household incomes in New Zealand: Trends in indicators of inequality and hardship 1982 to 2013. Ministry of Social Development (July 2014), Tables F.6 and F.7..  In Excel, I calculated the before and after housing costs, child poverty rates in New Zealand since 1982 to see which was the more meaningful measure or were they only meaningful when read together.
The bad news for Trump? More than 60 percent of the country wouldnt consider voting for him.
Hayek and Free Banking - Alt-M
Low performers in science by gender, USA, UK, Japan, Canada, Australia and New Zealand [OC]
Andy Burnham's Observer interview demonstrates why he'd be a terrible Labour leader - nicktyrone.com
'Live From New York!' and 'Drunk Stoned Brilliant Dead' Explore America's History of Outrageous Comedy - The Atlantic
Doing Business in France, Germany and the UK  World Bank rankings compared [OC]
Alt-M Redux: Incredible Commitments: Why the Euro is Destroying both Europe and Itself - Alt-M
18 key facts about Greece that will leave you totally up to date about a huge crisis - The Washington Post
The Countries Where Youre Surrounded By Tourists | FiveThirtyEight
SUBMISSION STATEMENT.  Libertarians do attract a lot of comment and the Twitter Left is rather keen to label the right-wing opponents, as libertarians. This is despite the fact a lot of voters don't understand what a libertarian is.  Indeed, back in the 1990s, most libertarian gatherings were so small that they would not need to book ahead at a restaurant to make sure they got a table.  It is only recently that Milton Friedman became a respectable figure in policy circles. Indeed, at job interviews in the 1990s, if you mentioned Hayek's name, and there is any sign of name recognition, you would been interviewed by a very well read people.
I used Excel and Open Office Draw to divide real GDP purchasing power parity for New Zealand, Switzerland and Australia from the conference board total database by their respective working age populations from OECD statextract.  I compared New Zealand and Swiss GDP per working age person with that in Australia to show a normal economy as compared to two in long depressions.  I then detrended real GDP purchasing power parity per working age New Zealander, Swiss and Australian by 1.9% to show that Swiss and New Zealand economies had deviated by 30% or more from trend between the 1973 and the early to mid-1990s. That is, both economies were in a great depression over those respective periods.
I use Excel to chart the Cara McDaniel database for the average tax rate on labour income and capital income, the average tax rate on consumption expenditure and investment expenditures and Social Security contributions for the United States, Canada and then the UK, all calculations from 1950.  I then use Excel to calculate real GDP per working age American, Canadian and British by taking working age population data from OECD StatExtract and dividing it by real GDP purchasing power parity data from the conference board, total database from 1950.
SUBMISSION STATEMENT  When Brennan said at a tax reform conference in Australia over 20 years ago that efficient taxes and tax reforms are both bad because they lead to higher taxes and a larger government, no one understood him.  Idealists all, the audience, including me, assumed they were advising a benevolent government, not a revenue-maximising leviathan government  a beast that needed to be staved with constitutional constraints on the number and size of tax bases and tax instruments.  Fiscal arrangements were analysed by Buchanan and Brennan in The Power to Tax in terms of the preferences of citizen-taxpayers who are permitted at some constitutional level of choice to select the fiscal institutions they are to be subject to over an uncertain future.  Those in elected office are assumed to exploit the powers assigned to them to the maximum possible extent: government is a revenue-maximising leviathan.  Buchanan and Brennan were all for inefficient tax systems because they do not raise as much revenue. A government that cannot raise much revenue cannot grow very large.  It was a number of years before I came to agree with Brennan and Buchanan. I had to break out of my applied welfare economics thinking and move over to constitutional political economy.  Tax reform saved the late 20th century welfare state by raising the same or more revenue with less taxpayer resistance.
SUBMISSION STATEMENT  This is a nice roundup of the law and economics as well is the politics of financial market regulation in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis
SUBMISSION STATEMENT  A good list of replies to criticisms of fossil fuel disinvestment. It can't seem to make up its mind that about what it's trying to do.  In the end, the purpose is to bring moral pressure against self-interest, which is a real stayer in human affairs. You can always rely upon self-interest to keep on trying right to the end of the race.
Articles include: The Libertarian Delusion Robert Kuttner The free-market fantasy stands discredited by events. The challenge now: redeeming effective and democratic government.  Why Economists Cling to Discredited Ideas Jeff Madrick Free-market economists may be at odds with reality, but it fits the needs of the rich and the powerful.  The Perils of Privatization Ann Hagedorn As Blackwater showed, many of the efficiencies are spurious, because contractors cut corners.  Why Markets Cant Price the Priceless Joan Fitzgerald It takes government planning to promote rational conservation and use of water.  Markets, States, and the Green Transition Fred Block To get renewable energy technologies into broad use, government needs to promote both supply and demand. Markets are too risk-averse.  Hating the Hand That Enriches You Roger Lowenstein What interests me is why so many successful investors are so bitterly aligned against the agency [the Federal Reserve] that, arguably, single-handedly revived the capitalist system
SUBMISSION STATEMENT.  A surprising amount of analysis of Libya seems to suggest that we should dig up Col Gadaffi and putting him back in power or at least it was a bad idea that he was overthrown.  Rather reminiscent of the 1980s neoconservative analysis of Latin America where people preferred the right-wing tyrant they knew rather the left-wing tyrant they didn't know from the future.
http://utopiayouarestandinginit.com/2014/07/13/conspiracy-theories-debunked-the-moon-landing-was-a-hoax/ hosts a video that discusses in dull monotone from the viewpoint of a TV camera technician whether it was technologically possible to fake the 143 minute continuous moon landing television broadcast in 1969.
Measles affects about 20 million people a year, primarily in the developing areas of Africa and Asia. It resulted in about 96,000 deaths in 2013 down from 545,000 deaths in 1990. In 1980, the disease is estimated to have caused 2.6 million deaths per year.   Before immunization in the United States between three and four million cases occurred a year. Most of those who are infected and who die are less than five years old. Adults have little or no memory of before the age of 4.  The risk of death among those infected is usually 0.2%. Complications are usually more severe in adults who catch the virus.   Herd immunity requires at least 92% vaccination rate; the vaccine is only 95% effective; babies are too young to vaccinate; and tort liability is an ineffective way of policing infections from you see http://utopiayouarestandinginit.com/2015/02/07/richard-epstein-classical-liberalism-and-compulsory-vaccinations/
1. herd immunity requires at least 92% vaccination rate 2. vaccine is only 95% effective; 3. babies are too young to vaccinate; and 4. tort liability is an ineffective way of policing infections from you see http://utopiayouarestandinginit.com/2015/02/07/richard-epstein-classical-liberalism-and-compulsory-vaccinations/
Spontaneous murders are called manslaughter where I live, because they're not premeditated.   As for crime related murders, the large fall in crime rates in recent times as discussed well in the writings of Steve Levitt. He points out that executions are simply too infrequent to figure in criminal calculations regarding risks.  Furthermore, gang bangers, a spell on death row probably extends life expectancy relative to been murdered by business associate in a drug dispute.  The Rand Corporation did a very good starting about 10 years ago the occupational hazards of drug gang members. being murdered is a far greater occupational hazard than arrest.
Not only do are Uber drivers have to work unsociable hours, taxi drivers and chauffeurs are twice as likely to be murdered as a police officer see http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2015/01/28/charted-the-20-deadliest-jobs-in-america/
"Since 1 January 2002, the Tribunal has had the power to declare acts or omissions of:  the legislative, executive or judicial branches of government, or a person or body that performs any public function, power or duty to be inconsistent with the right to freedom from discrimination, as affirmed by s.19 of the New Zealand Bill of Rights Act 1990. An act or omission will not be inconsistent with those rights if it's shown to be demonstrably justified in a free and democratic society."  That declaration of the human rights Tribunal plus 61 Votes on the floor of Parliament on an amending bill will get you somewhere
One of the purposes of John Rawls' veil of ignorance and Buchanan and Tullock's veil of  uncertainty is that the basic social institutions be designed when we have abstracted from the grubby particulars of our own self-interest.  Behind the veil of ignorance and the veil of uncertainty, we would all agree that resources are limited, including in the health sector and some drugs can't be funded  choices must be made.  Once we go in front of the veil of ignorance and find out that we are the one missing out on that drug, naturally, our views will change.  Is always the case that someone just falls on the other side of any line in the sand. If you move that line, there is always another set of people who are just on the other side.
Obama won the 2008 election, so the anti-war Democrats retired from the field and the rump of the movement was lacking both resources and people.  The anti-war Democrats followed an old rule in politics: your real mates vote for you when you are wrong
Very good point
Yes.
See Dodging the vote?  Richard J. Cebula, Franklin G. Mixon Jr. Empirical economics 2012 Abstract This study investigates the impact of ending the military draft on voter turnout in the U.S. The main study period runs from 1948 through 2006. After controlling for the unemployment rate, the degree of labor force unionization, the U.S.-Iraq War, the impact of voting in presidential elections, the female labor force participation rate, the percent of the adult population with a college degree, income, and a variable to reflect strong approval or disapproval of the U.S. President, compelling empirical evidence is found that ending the military draft in the U.S. acted to significantly reduce the aggregate voter participation rate.
you're obviously very knowledgeable on this, but it is a bit late in the evening where I am to reply.
It took it time to concede that point.  The economics of the minimum wage is a curious area of public debate.  People are very much anti-economics, but as soon as an argument comes up that vaguely supports the minimum wage not harming unemployment, they become extremely knowledgeable of that entire literature in all its nuances.  We are now discussing whether on the best possible interpretation of the employment effects of the minimum wage been minimal whether a minimum wage increase can actually implemented without harming employment.   The answer to that question is no.   Much easier to just increase the earned income tax credit.
Thanks.