Apple faces U.S. class-action lawsuit by employees over bag searches
A survey of South Carolina legislators shows theres enough support to remove the Confederate flag from Statehouse grounds if all supporters cast a vote.
Gov. Scott Walker OKs Looser Gun Law One Week After Charleston Shooting
Probably [something like this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3YOYlgvI1uE)
[Picture of the shooter](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CHxriIdUEAAmq6H.jpg:large)
Former U.S. Speaker of the House Dennis Hastert has been indicted on federal bank-related charges
Police Seek Public's Help In Identifying Body Found Near The Tidal Basin. The only identifying information found on him was a business card around his neck that said "Fuzz W.S. Fuzzy Shoe Shine Doctor."
The U.S. government started keeping secret records of Americans' international telephone calls nearly a decade before the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, harvesting billions of calls in a program that provided a blueprint for the far broader National Security Agency surveillance that followed.
We buy cat food from them.  One cat turned his nose up at food from a new case of the same food we always buy.  Told Chewy about it and they sent a new case to replace it right away, no charge.  It is also cheaper than buying the food at PetCo et al.
CDC: Atlanta lab worker may have come in contact with tiny amount of Ebola virus, person to be monitored for 21 days
42-year-old PA woman has been arrested for allegedly having sex with a 17-year-old boy after an officer found her and the teen naked in a car.
Feds file civil lawsuit against a gold dredge captain who has appeared on Discovery Channels "Bering Sea Gold," alleging he refused to take care of his 117-foot landing craft that sank in the Cordova harbor.
Seth Rogen and James Franco Cancel All Media Appearances for The Interview
Supreme Court denies emergency stay in SC same-sex marriage debate; applications to be accepted at noon
Accused cop killer Eric Frein's arraignment
A substitute teacher in D.C. has been arrested for having sex with a student on her first day at the school
Update:  [The suspect found dead in apparent suicide.](http://www.ajc.com/news/news/cobb-police-investigating-shooting-at-fedex-facili/nfkNR/)
Caption: NASA Shines a Spotlight on a Webb Telescope Test  Dressed in a clean room suit, NASA photographer Desiree Stover shines a light on the Space Environment Simulator's Integration Frame inside the thermal vacuum chamber at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md. Shortly after, the chamber was closed up and engineers used this frame to enclose and help cryogenic (cold) test the heart of the James Webb Space Telescope, the Integrated Science Instrument Module.  Credit: NASA/Chris Gunn
Pathetic.  Thanks for reading!
Caption: X-48 Project Completes Flight Research  NASA's remotely piloted X-48C hybrid-wing-body subscale aircraft, which demonstrates technology concepts for cleaner and quieter commercial air travel, completed an eight-month flight research campaign on April 9, 2013.  In this image, the aircraft flies over the intersection of several runways adjacent to the compass rose on Rogers Dry Lake at Edwards Air Force Base during one of the sub-scale aircraft's final test flights on Feb. 28, 2013.   The scale-model aircraft, shaped like a manta ray, was designed by The Boeing Co., built by Cranfield Aerospace Limited of the United Kingdom, and flown in partnership with NASA. The X-48C is a version of NASA's X-48B blended wing body aircraft modified to evaluate the low-speed stability and control of a low-noise version of a notional hybrid-wing-body design. This design features a flattened fuselage with no tail, and engines mounted on top of the fuselage at the rear of the plane. The design stems from concept studies for commercial aircraft that could be flying within 20 years. The studies are under way in NASA's Environmentally Responsible Aviation Project.  Image Credit: NASA / Carla Thomas
Caption: Saturn's North Polar Hexagon  Saturn's north polar hexagon basks in the Sun's light now that spring has come to the northern hemisphere. Many smaller storms dot the north polar region and Saturn's signature rings, which appear to disappear on account of Saturn's shadow, put in an appearance in the background.  The image was taken with the Cassini spacecraft's wide-angle camera on Nov. 27, 2012 using a spectral filter sensitive to wavelengths of near-infrared light centered at 750 nanometers.  The view was acquired at a distance of approximately 403,000 miles (649,000 kilometers) from Saturn and at a Sun-Saturn-spacecraft, or phase, angle of 21 degrees. Image scale is 22 miles (35 kilometers) per pixel.   Image Credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Space Science Institute
Update: ["Eleven skinned animals dumped near a public park in Lehigh County now appear to be foxes, not puppies, officials announced late Monday."](http://www.wfmz.com/news/news-regional-lehighvalley/Necropsy-11-animals-skinned-in-Lower-Macungie-were-not-dogs/-/132502/17554774/-/xr9gsr/-/index.html)
[Pic and translation of leaflet](http://blogs.aljazeera.com/liveblog?f[0]=field_ns_topic:136)  Translation:  Military Announcement  To the residents of Sheikh Ijleen, Tal al Hawa, Remal al-Janoub, Zeitoun neighbourhood, Shoujaiyat al-Tourkman, Shoujaiyat al-Jadida:  The Israeli military is not targeting any of you and does not want to hurt you or members of your family.  For your own safety, you are requested to evacuate your houses right away and to move towards Gaza city through Cairo Road, Arab League Road, al-Aqsa Road, al-Qadisiya Road, Em el Leymoun, Salaheddine, al-Mansoura, Khalas, Baghdad.  The deployment in Gaza city is limited in the west of Salah al-Din Road, north of Omar al Moukhtar Road, East of Nasr Road, and south of al-Qods Road.  This confrontation is temporary and once it ends everyone will go home.  Obeying the orders of the Israeli military will result in you, civilian residents, not being hurt  The Israeli Defence Army Leadership
Caption: Panorama of Curiosity's Belly Check  This view of the lower front and underbelly areas of NASA's Mars rover Curiosity combines nine images taken by the rover's Mars Hand Lens Imager (MAHLI) during the 34th Martian day, or sol, of Curiosity's work on Mars (Sept. 9, 2012).   Curiosity's front Hazard-Avoidance cameras appear as a set of four blue eyes at the top center of the portrait. Fine-grain Martian dust can be seen adhering to the wheels, which are about 16 inches (40 centimeters) wide and 20 inches (50 centimeters) in diameter. The bottom of the rover is about 26 inches (66 centimeters) above the ground. On the horizon at the right is a portion of Mount Sharp, with dark dunes at its base.   The camera is in the turret of tools at the end of Curiosity's robotic arm. The Sol 34 imaging by MAHLI was part of a week-long set of activities for characterizing the movement of the arm in Mars conditions. As this was a test to gain new information about operation of the instrument, the MAHLI team noted that two of the nine images acquired for this mosaic were not in focus.   The main purpose of Curiosity's MAHLI camera is to acquire close-up, high-resolution views of rocks and soil at the rover's Gale Crater field site. The camera is capable of focusing on any target at distances of about 0.8 inch (2.1 centimeters) to infinity, providing versatility for other uses, such as views of the rover itself from different angles.   Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Malin Space Science Systems
Caption from EXIF: A Libyan National Transitional Council (NTC) fighter looks through a large concrete pipe where ousted Libyan leader  Moamer Kadhafi was allegedly captured, with a dead loyalist gunmen in the foreground, in the coastal Libyan city of Sirte on October 20, 2011.  A Libyan National Transitional Council (NTC) commander had told AFP that Kadhafi was captured as his hometown Sirte was falling, adding that the ousted strongman was badly wounded.  Arabic graffiti in blue reads: "This is the place of Kadhafi, the rat.. God is the greatest."   AFP PHOTO/PHILIPPE DESMAZES
Caption: Testing NASA's Next Deep Space Vehicle  "5...4...3...2...1...release." With that countdown, the Apollo-like test article that is a base model for the agency's future Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle, took flight swinging across the sky -- nearing 50 mph (80.5 kph) -- at NASA Langley's Landing and Impact Research Facility.  Image Credit: NASA/Sean Smith
Caption: From the Inside Out  This image of Atlantis' payload bay, focusing on the docking mechanism, was photographed by the STS-135 crew from inside the crew cabin. The orbiter boom sensor system and a portion of the remote manipulator system's robot arm are visible in the frame, exposed during a busy third day in space for the astronauts. The photo was made shortly before the shuttle docked with the International Space Station.   Image Credit: NASA
Caption: As interest in Earth's changing climate heats up, a tiny dark particle is stepping into the limelight: black carbon. Commonly known as soot, black carbon enters the air when fossil fuels and biofuels, such as coal, wood, and diesel are burned. Black carbon is found worldwide, but its presence and impact are particularly strong in Asia.  Black carbon, a short-lived particle, is in perpetual motion across the globe. The Tibetan Plateau's high levels of black carbon likely impact the region's temperature, clouds and monsoon season.
Full caption: Friction Stir Weld This close-up view of the friction stir weld tack tool used to manufacture of space shuttle external tanks shows the process of tack welding barrel panels together. Barrels were previously fabricated using traditional fusion welding, but friction stir welding is different in that the materials are not melted. A rotating tool pin uses friction and applied pressure to join the 20-foot longitudinal panels together.   Friction stir welding is the most recent upgrade to the space shuttle's external tank, the largest element of the shuttle and the only element that is not reusable. The new welding technique utilizes frictional heating combined with forging pressure to produce high-strength bonds virtually free of defects. Friction stir welding transforms the metals from a solid state into a "plastic-like" state, and then mechanically stirs the materials together under pressure to form a welded joint. Invented and patented by The Welding Institute, a British research and technology organization, the process is applicable to aerospace, shipbuilding, aircraft and automotive industries. One of the key benefits of this new technology is that it allows welds to be made on aluminum alloys that cannot be readily fusion arc welded, the traditional method of welding.  Image Credit: NASA
it-may-very-well-be
Only problem is, now he makes appearances throughout the day.  Before, we knew exactly when to change the channel, now, his dumb ass could pop up at any time.
If hypocrisy were illegal, think of all the politicians that would have to go to jail.  It's up to Americans to not re-elect the hypocrites.  Don't get me wrong, I don't condone what Spitzer did and I'm not saying that it wasn't hypocritical of him, but it is a sex "scandal."