Glad it's worked there. I'd be worried if some of the more profit-minded companies got into providing essential services. But if they can be content with a predictable, fixed return, then it can work. There certainly are some very greedy and poorly run utilities in various parts of this country.
It is good. And I have a funny feeling your posting won't get censored by the mods! :)
Maybin's three-ball walk with Phil Cuzzi behind the dish, July 2011 [Video]
Looking at Venditte's minor league splits, it's pretty clear he's been lights-out against lefties and so-so against righties and switch-hitters. It will be fun to watch him, but my guess is he'll mostly be used as a lefty specialist for now.
Nomar was one heck of a pinch hitter when he was in LA.
Great read. Thanks for posting it.
Perfect response.
In that case, it's impressive. But much of the volume on other exchanges has not always been people.
Quite possibly the most beautiful place I have ever been.
President Obama takes on Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker
Must be Spring Training for singers too.
Princess Leia, please defrost me!
We're all holding our breath still on Bter. THe good news is that they've enabled some withdrawals and they're doing things they probably wouldn't have to be doing if they were simply closing and running away with everyone's money. But no telling what this has cost them and what impact that will have. Hopefully, the snapshots are honored, even if they have to include a bit of a discount.
Hate to say it, but you just described BitShares pretty well. I'm a big fan of Bitcoin; Satoshi himself admitted it wasn't designed to be used for instant transactions, etc. If you use Bitcoin in combination with BitUSD through the BitShares decentralized exchange, as Roger Ver indicated in a recent video, you can have scalability, instant transactions, zero volatility, and keep your Bitcoin.
When zombie apocalypse comes, head for the Rockies
Zombie-proof log cabins are custom made
Look out Apple  this smartwatch is made out of actual banana
He's a lefty. If he can throw strikes and keep people guessing on the location, he doesn't need much velocity.
The right GOP candidate in the general election is not the same GOP candidate who can win GOP primaries. One must be moderate, the other extreme (and borderline insane).   If Jeb Bush can suck up enough of the money early on, he could just say 'screw it' and run towards the middle right away. See what happens. I don't see them beating HRC with that far-right platform.
Hasn't even started yet. This is just noise, people paying taxes, etc. The 1.0 client and light wallet are close.
Teen goes to Target for a tie, gets life-changing advice
Stinky smells may help smokers quit
That all may be true. I was surprised Colletti lasted that long. But I don't think anyone in baseball has seen a roster quite like the Oakland A's had last year. The depth and versatility of those players at multiple positions was a step beyond the typical Moneyball team, which everyone else has caught onto. Both Beane and Forst have publicly credited Zaidi with a lot of their innovations in recent years. Now maybe he doesn't need to go to those extremes with a larger payroll (Zaidi has a healthy respect for traditional scouting also). We will see.
Well, you could hold it on Cryptsy for a little longer, but keeping money on exchanges is always a questionable choice. I'd recommend downloading the wallet/client. It's in development, so still a bit buggy, but I think you'll be impressed with what you can do in there.
Wonderful! Looking forward to this.
Wow, that might be the best one yet.
Such a wonderful, articulate role model for our nation's youth. I understand the part about being an introvert, and he shouldn't really have to do these press conferences all the time, but...his business is entertainment and this is his brand. Rather than proving that he's an ass who cares mostly about himself, he could have used all that fine money for charity or something.
Naw, just a bit underwhelmed.
The whole Western United States was 'fucking enormous' once also. There were an unlimited number of trees. Just like now, when we pollute the ocean, there's an unlimited amount of water to soak it all up.   I understand where you're coming from. The Alaskan viewpoint is important. But it's a very finite ecosystem and it can be wrecked just as easily as others have been wrecked. We don't need to preserve it all, but we need to be very careful to leave as much as possible unspoiled.
Foxes guarding the henhouse. I feel very sorry for Texans that they're stuck with this guy...and so are the rest of us.
The Economist gets it. That's a good news source. Too bad they have a paywall. If we find the full article, let's post it here.
That's interesting and I like it. But in tracking only one election (if I understand correctly), that vastly discounts the fact that one of the candidates could have been a better public speaker, more charismatic, or with speeches written to hit certain popular lines. And meanwhile, the opposing candidate might be better at raising money and running TV ads, so could in the end be just as competitive. With only one campaign, there was a 50% chance of this outcome, which makes for a questionable correlation.