To what extent does alcohol consumption increase adipose tissue uptake of triglycerides if it doesn't put the individual at a positive energy balance?
Prenatal physical activity and diet composition affect the expression of nutrient transporters and mTOR signaling molecules in the human placenta
I think it depends on what you value most in life. Personally, I was traumatized by being overweight as a kid and teenager, and so as an adult maintaining my aesthetic physical appearance and healthy life habits is of the utmost importance, far more important than anything else in my life, even obsessive, and there is nothing, not any person, no matter how I feel about them, that will even come before my desire to maintain a strict lifestyle by my own standards. I understand that I might be a unique case and that it isn't like that for most people, though, I'm just speaking from personal experience.
Well, I can explain why, but not simply. There's a correlation between a  decrease in the net hepatic glucose uptake rate and an increase in the adipose tissue uptake rate of triglycerides and in an excess nutrient-induced hepatic accumulation of lipids. Nutrients that cannot be used for ATP synthesis are transformed into triglycerides, which are ultimately stored in the body's fat tissue. There's also evidence that there is a link between overeating, the process of de novo fatty acid synthesis and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease.
I've repeated this so many times it makes my head hurts... There's no such thing as a plateau when it comes to weight loss. The body never becomes significantly less efficient at using stored fat for energy. In order to lose weight, you need to eat less, it's that simple. If you're not losing weight, you're either miscalculating how much you're eating or eating too much or both.
Nothing beats a proper diet for general health and changing your body. And the drugs that are actually powerful to do so are also the ones that can potentially be extremely dangerous if not used carefully and should therefore not be available to the masses. 2,4-Dinitrophenol comes to mind as a good example; it will cause substantial fat loss even on an isocaloric maintenance diet, but the side effect of misuse/overdose is: an acute risk of death. Otherwise, most legal drugs marketed by supplement companies as 'weight loss aids' have never been shown to work in rigorously conducted lab experiments... In other words, people are getting screwed daily by these companies.
New research review paper suggests that dairy protein might be superior to animal/meat protein in terms of rise in circulating IGF-1 hormone; increasing dairy protein intake for weight loss?   http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25843057  The effects of dietary protein and amino acids on skeletal metabolism, Jessica D. Bihuniak, Molecular and Cellular Endocrinology (2015), doi: 10.1016/j.mce.2015.03.024   To quote the review study:  ' Findings from a short-term amino acid supplementation trial in older adults suggest that different groups of amino acids induce opposing effects on IGF-1 (Fig. 2; Dawson-Hughes et al., 2007). Supplementation with the branched chain amino acids, isoleucine and leucine, caused a reduction in serum levels of this growth factor, while the aromatic amino acids, phenylalanine and histidine, increased IGF-1 levels. Milk contains greater amounts of phenylalanine and lower quantities of isoleucine compared to meat products such as beef and chicken (Sosulski and Imafidon, 1990). The amino acid profile of milk may therefore be more conducive to supporting a rise in circulating IGF-1 levels.'  Numerous studies have correlated circulating levels of IGF-1 and growth hormone with adiposity:  http://ajpendo.physiology.org/content/295/2/E385.article-info  Lower growth hormone and higher cortisol are associated with greater visceral adiposity, intramyocellular lipids, and insulin resistance in overweight girls. Madhusmita Misra, Miriam A. Bredella, Patrika Tsai, Nara Mendes, Karen K. Miller, Anne Klibanski. American Journal of Physiology - Endocrinology and Metabolism Published 1 August 2008 Vol. 295 no. 2, E385-E392 DOI: 10.1152/ajpendo.00052.2008  http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10352397  Low-Dose Growth Hormone Treatment with Diet Restriction Accelerates Body Fat Loss, Exerts Anabolic Effect and Improves Growth Hormone Secretory Dysfunction in Obese Adults Kim K.R.  Nam S.Y.  Song Y.D.  Lim S.K.  Lee H.C.  Huh K.B.  Division of Endocrinology, Department of Internal Medicine, YongDong Severance Hospital, Yonsei University College of Medicine, Seoul, Korea
Nice! Congratulations!
Anabolic-androgenic Steroid use and Psychopathology in Athletes. A Systematic Review
No, this is incorrect, and demonstrates why there is no ELI5. Eating at a caloric surplus is what causes the nutrients to be stored as fat, therefore increasing the production of leptin and resulting in the vicious cycle that I talk about. Insulin does increase adipose tissue uptake of triglycerides, because it transports the nutrients into the system at a faster rate, but this doesn't matter if you aren't eating at a caloric surplus, as then, those nutrients will still be used to produce energy.  However, fast-digesting carbohydrates might partly lead to obesity, as they make people feel less 'full' from the food they eat, since they are digested so quickly, and therefore make people more likely to eat at a caloric surplus. But for example, carbohydrate foods with a low glycemic load do not create very much of an insulin response. Low glycemic load carbohydrate foods are ones that have a high fiber/sugar ratio, amongst other things. For example: brown rice, whole grain bread, and peas, to name a few.
Thanks!
I don't have a whole lot of merit, I've been studying these things basically all my life, since I was a teenager. The more you learn about the human body and how it interacts with the physical world, and the more you come to realize how ignorant laypeople are, especially when it comes to food, and so the more you come to hate and despise them. Knowledge is quite the alienating concept...
I only share new studies that I find interesting and relevant.  However, this is a summary of the research on energy allocation during sleep, so it is already a synthesis in itself. The authors' suggestion that reducing caloric intake prior to bed time is a means of minimizing fat storage is based on findings from hundreds of independent studies. This isn't just a single study, in fact it's not a study at all; no experiment was conducted here, it's a summary of te scientific literature in related fields.
Nope, not at all, but whatever happened in the past is irrelevant - the games they're playing right now represent the peak of their teamfighting ability in its current state, it'd just easy to see how they're on a whole other level. Their abilities to initiate, to coordinate both initiating abilities and in general, and their positioning are all on point.
There is no such thing as eating 'healthy'. I hate this term because it is very vague, and people have their own understanding of what it means to 'eat healthy', and that understanding tends to be extremely flawed. In in vitro experiments, ending the day with an even or negative energy balance far outweighs all other factors for general health in the long run, including macro and nutrient choices. Furthermore, like I've said elsewhere in this thread, there is little evidence that different nutrients will initiate a significantly different satiety response.   Of course nutrient choices have an impact. For example, eating foods with a low Glycemic Load equips the body with a more consistent, longer-term supply of energy, and it is essential to eat a certain amount of proteins, fats and micro nutrients, for the proper functioning of physiological processes that relate to basic bodily functions, such as tissue maintenance and growth.   But nutrient choices aren't what causes obesity. People not knowing how many calories they're actually eating, and not making the difference between eating to maintain body homeostatis and eating to reward themselves or as a conditioned response to environmental factors (such as stress, boredom, anxiety, etc.) is much, much more likely to be the cause of obesity.
The conclusion summarizes the findings fairly well:  In conclusion, we found for the first time that treatment with LC compound increases satellite cell activity and anabolic signals in C2C12 cells. Furthermore, low-intensity exercise with LC compound increases muscle mass, satellite cell activity, and anabolic signals. These results suggest that administration of LC compound could effectively increase muscle mass concomitant with elevated myonuclei, even with low-intensity exercise, by means of activated satellite cells and anabolic signals in skeletal muscle. Therefore, the study of LC compound should provide insight into the development of strategies against muscle wasting and loss of function associated with a wide range of neuromuscular diseases such as sarcopenia.
Thank you, this is some serious inspiration. Every time I think of having a cheat meal, of skipping a workout, of skipping an hour of sleep to do something else... I think of these people and it drives me to not fall to temptation. I was born healthy and with a problem-less life, and I know this makes me one of the lucky ones, and I know that I have no right to complain or not follow what I know to be the best course of action, when there are people like this girl who are giving it their very best.
This has already been posted both here and on the AdvancedFitness subreddit, actually.  Overall I would say it's nothing new. You will grow similarly in the short run no matter the weight/number of reps, but in the long run, a heavier load will allow for better linear progression when it comes to weight lifting. However, lifting too heavy also has its downsides, and it's why the 8-12 rep range is probably the best one... It allows you to go heavy enough to see a good progression, but not so heavy that your injury risk is significantly higher than if you were using much lighter loads.   In all cases, thank you for posting this still - reiteration of already well established observations in science is never a bad thing.
I'm pretty sure Fnatic will get shit on. We will see though.
Whoa.
Full article can be viewed [here](http://www.nature.com/mt/journal/v23/n1/full/mt2014200a.html).  Also, to answer your question, it could be used in the near future (a couple years from now). However, here's the trick: the TGF- superfamily affects all tissues, not just the muscular ones. So, here, they had to create an isoform, a very similar version of Follistatin (FS315 in the article) that has been modified at the genetic level so as to produce a different mRNA sequence that specifically targets the myostatin pathway. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that inhibiting myostatin to the large extent that would most likely be required in order to produce a desired outcome in an athlete or bodybuilder would work or be side effect-free, as this is the first time this has been done in humans.  So the answer is yes, it could potentially be used already, but only if you are vastly rich, can find the qualified researchers to carry out such a costly and advanced procedure, and wish to turn yourself into a human guinea pig. But the potential of abuse by athletes in the near future is in fact so real that the WADA has already added 'gene doping' to its list of banned substances and processes.
Yeah. After doing a little bit more research and reading, I realize that now. Thanks for the fair warning though!
No I wouldn't mind at all, it's no problem. Have fun with it, and if possible, improve it and personalize it. I can think of at least a hundred ways to make this look even better. I just don't have the time or inspiration at the moment.
If you knew what sugar in general does to your body, trust me, you would probably avoid it too. Sugar is decent for high endurance sports athletes, but not for the general sedentary population. The sugar in fruits is probably fine for everyone anyway, but certainly not the highly processed sugar that things like cake and candy bars contain. You see, from an evolutionary perspective, humans have evolved to associate sweetness with energy density for survival purposes - in the past, sweet foods were usually good. But this has nothing to do with the toxic, obesity-inducing , devoid-of-nutritional-value food products that are mass produced for economic purposes nowadays. In those foods,  sugar is a poison. In fact, sugar affects the brain's reward pathways and the nucleus accumbens, a region of the basal forebrain associated with motivation, pleasure and reinforcement of behaviors, but doesn't trigger the brain's satiety mechanisms, leading to something that nutritionists colloquially refer to as 'the sugar-craving cycle'. This is why when people eat cake, for example, they usually don't have just a piece, but rather 2 or 3 or more... and even if they have just one, it takes them a huge effort to 'resist the urge to eat more', because it just tastes so good and they feel like eating the entire cake.
I wanted to do this in my survival world, but it's a more complex design so I worked things out in Creative first and this was the result. Also, my world has a Nether fortress farm-powered smelting station that uses coal and blaze rod drops from Wither Skeletons and Blazes and I wanted to compare the efficiency between the two.
Yes. But that's just me.
It depends what you mean by weight loss. If you mean adipose tissue, the adipocytes, which contain uni and multilocular cells, lose some of their size (they shrink). The main difference between the two is that the latter contain considerably more cytoplasm (the substance that makes up the cell's internal structure). When you lose weight, the triglycerides (stored fat) contained in those cells are turned into fatty acids by various hormones, such as adrenaline and noradrealine, and then bound to various proteins to form lipoproteins so they can enter the bloodstream. From there, they are used in lipolysis and result in the creation of Adenonine triphosphate (energy) through the electron transport chain of the body's tricarbolyxic acid cycle (one of the main metabolic pathways).   However, not only fat is lost when weight is lost. Some muscle tissue is also lost. All dietary proteins are broken down into amino acids, which are sent to the body's nitrogen pool. From there, amino acids are used for various purposes, including the creation of new muscle tissue. But if the nitrogen pool has insufficient supplies of certain amino acids, muscle tissue will be broken down so its amino acids can be sent back there and used for more vital functions. Sadly, my knowledge of biochemical principles is not advanced enough to tell you to what extent, but it definitely happens.
I don't understand why you keep being rude with me. I haven't said anything to offend you, I think. I could easily go ahead and say things like how I think that you don't know a damn thing about nutrition like a whole lot of people here, but I don't write that kind of thing because it's counterproductive and doesn't bring anything positive to the table.  Also, I didn't just look at what Layne Norton said, I looked at the research he used to make his claims, like [this](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10204826) research paper and [this one](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10332666) and [this one](http://care.diabetesjournals.org/content/25/3/431.full).  I might be 'fucked up' like you say, but at least my 'fuckedupness' is based on serious research that I've read on.
TIL the Robin Schulz-remixed song Prayer in C ('Yah, don't think I could forgive you) that we keep hearing on the radio is actually a Jewish song about how God has given up on humanity, which is now slowly destroying itself because of it.
[Manga Spoilers]My theory on the basement, the walls, titan-shifting, the Coordinate, Grisha's actions and how it all connects.   I believe that, at least a hundred years prior to the start of the story, some people were transformed into the titans that make up the walls right now, with the ability to manipulate the physical matter that consistutes their very being (the titan-like body) in various ways. However, they had to be 'mindless'; this is very important, because like we've seen with Ymir, when 'mindless', the human somewhere within the titan doesn't age physically and can therefore live on as long as he/she is in that state/form.  However, I believe 'mindless' is the wrong term. Titans were made so that they will only listen to/be aware of the existence of the people who possess what Reiner called the 'Coordinate', and will otherwise wander about in a seemingly mindless manner, eating human beings as part of a set of pre-programmed behaviors. Basically, those people can 'coordinate' the titans to do certain things. This excludes titan-shifters, for which I have another theory that I won't discuss here.   Back to my theory of what happened, the strange room below the Reiss chapel is a 'control room' to which the wall titans are connected. I believe that there are 3 rooms like that, one for every wall, and that another one is what Grisha's basement is. This is why the walls seem to expand underground, because the physical matter that makes up the walls connects the titans to these rooms. This connection not only allows those who possess the coordinate's power to control all the wall titans from those rooms, but also gives them a massive quantity of energy that they can use to use their abilities on a much larger scale than normally, like for wiping out the memories of an entire population. This is why Rod and Historia can trigger Eren's memories just by touching him when he is in that room - because the massive amount of energy coming from the walls makes Eren's abilities particularly powerful.    However, using the coordinate's power on a large scale puts a lot of strain on the body and can therefore be deadly for its users. The 3 women who wiped out the memories of an entire population probably died doing so, and this is why the walls were named in their honor, because of their noble sacrifice. Regardless, if they were able to do such a thing, I would assume that a single user of the coordinate's power using his abilities to maximum efficiency in one of those control rooms would be able to do something big. I think Grisha wanted to use Eren to carry out that 'something big', and it was something so big that the user would have died in the process, and that's why he couldn't do it himself. He was probably going to get Eren to have the coordinate power, bring him to that room (the basement) and have him use his powers to carry out his own plans. But obviously something went wrong, but that was his original plan.
[Manga Spoilers] As much as I love SnK, ultimately, it's going to be a big disappointment...   Why? Because we're all expecting a crazy reveal... some awe-inducing, insanely complicated scientific explanation behind the whole Titan thing. And Isayama is a mangaka, not a scientist with decades of research on humans' central nervous system under his belt, so he's not gonna be able to live up to those expectations. At least not to mine.   I know this is going to be controversial, but hang in there for a second. I believe that, the manga at least, has been hugely popular so far because of the extent to which it is shrouded in mistery... Everyone is eager to know about what exactly the Titans are, about the world's history, and about everything that relates to that, such as whether Monkey Trouble is a titan shifter or something else, who are RBA's people, what is the Coordinate's power, where is Grisha and what has he done to Eren, etc. And so the hype about all those mysteries is building up, and the expectations have become incredibly high.  But when shit hits the fan, and the time for Isayama to give us all the answers to those mysteries comes, is it going to be as awesome as everyone is expecting? Like I said, everyone is waiting for some crazy scientific theory maybe mixed with a bit of fantastic stuff, but in all cases, something that gives everyone the nerdgasm they've been building up to for years... And there's a good chance that Isayama isn't gonna be able to come up with something like that. That it won't be nearly as complicated or original or mind-blowingly awesome as everyone is hoping.   Anyway, I might be a negativist, a pessimistic... But that's what I think. And to think that makes me sad, but thanks to that I'm avoiding building my hopes up super high only to fall from my high horse down the road.
[MANGA SPOILERS] Berthold to Ymir: 'Eren doesn't seem to remember eating people either'