The long-lost story of the longest book ever written
The publisher of Girl With the Dragon Tattoo sequel wanted to tattoo a volunteer reader for marketing purposes
Growing up with obsessive-compulsive disorder
John Prine - Mexican Home [Folk]
Acclaimed poet James Tate dies at 71
Man, if this wasn't a under the table PR move by the Admins, I don't know what is. Listen to the rhetoric. Now she's the martyred savior and Pao has apologized, so she tells us to feel good about having our voices heard. They had all weekend think up this idea. Convincing the person you axed to make one more positive platitudinous statement that doesn't sully you name seems like the obvious way to go to appease the masses.   The difference is between the Admins and the users? The Admins know how PR and the media cycle works. The users fucked it up when they tried make noise over a holiday weekend.
TIL Denis Diderot wrote a book titled Indiscreet Jewels, which tells of the contrasting experiences and worldviews of more than two dozen women as told by their vaginas.
Robert Louis Stevenson was a sickly egomaniac
Jim Carrey Is Ranting About Californias Ban On Personal Exemptions For Mandatory Vaccines On Twitter
Ghost hunters find woman's body at haunted hospital
A timeline to George Orwell's Animal Farm
Doctoral dissertation in graphic novel form
Michael Mandiberg is printing Wikipedia
On Henry Jamess mommy issues
Joshua Cohens new novel, Book of Numbers, The Great American Internet Novel?
So, I guess the bigger question is, when will it be over. It seems as though much of modern human history is about the rights of humans-Martin Luthers thesis seem to be in the same vain in a weird niche way, so how does it end? Does it just move on to something/someone else?  Anyway, this is a great article, full of lots of little history goodies.
Is Anna Karenina work of realism or some kind of dream?
For W. B. Yeatss sesquicentennial. The Second Coming is the most pilfered poem in literary history
Chinese Censorship of Western Books Is Now Normal. Wheres the Outrage?
Creepy 18th century occult drawings
Interesting article on the world's most costliest color. Economy affects how we think about colors and the feelings we attribute them.
True Blue: A brief history of ultramarine
Vincent Bugliosi, the prosecutor in the Charles Manson trial and author of the best-selling true-crime book, "Helter Skelter," has died at 80
Can Google be taught poetry?
Jason Segel discusses how he studied for the role of David Foster Wallace
Drunk Texts from Famous Authors
Fresno boy here.
Franz Wright, Pulitzer Prize-winning poet, dead at age 62
Whos the Greatest Unreliable Narrator in Literature?
Not at all, but Sartre and Borges wrote books and Orson Welles is very literary.
I wonder if voter turnout would go down if it was a holiday.
[words are] the wildest, freest most irresponsible most unteachable of all. Of course you can catch them and sort them and place them in alphabetical order in dictionaries but words do not live in dictionaries, they live in the mind