Noway. The ocean, furthest you are from escape and help is about five miles. Worst case you fly in a rescue sub from somewhere and pull people out (as we do with submarine disasters, now). The area around you is a good heat sink, water is plentiful, and air can be made by simply cracking water into oxygen. We have over a century of experience with submarine issues, living, and technical challenges. Resupply is as simple as sending down some crates of food and whatnot. Realistically, having an under-sea habitat wouldn't be a whole lot worse than having an oil rig (of which we have thousands)  Space? space is *unbelievably* unpleasant. Help is days and days away at best. There's no resupply coming unless it's planned far in advance. There is no oxygen, no water, nothing for vast, vast areas. Everything that you want to have costs thousands of dollars a pound to bring up  and that's if you're lucky. There is unbelievable radiation in most areas, it's difficult to dump waste heat (an enormous problem) and if your ship gets punctured, you are bleeding away precious, difficult to replace supplies.  But maybe worst of all, there is *nothing there*. It's rocks, it's dust, it's cold. That's it. Even shipping back resources would be prohibitively expensive.
When you have people drunk driving 2, 3, 4, and 5 times - then obviously the answer is, in fact, harsher and more effective laws, rather than the current catch-and-release system where they pay a piddling fine and then just drive without a license for a year.   When someone knows their staring down never having a license again, or a double-digit stay in prison, they reconsider their actions. If they can't reconsider their actions, they should be removed from where they can hurt others and themselves.
One of the great tragedies of dogs is that though they'd love us and help us all our lives, they live only a fraction as long as we do. I hope his time post-service was spent happy and content.
I like how any opinion that is not in absolute lock-step with reddit is either trolling, "edgy" or the poster being an asshole. I just have a different way of looking at things than (apparently) the majority of people here do.
He ain't an asshole. I mean he's not a saint, obviously, but it's not like he did anything to worsen the harm done to them or to prevent them getting aid. If the man has committed a sin, it's that he spoke the truth and it offends people.   Hell, i was always taught that if someone was in a car crash, the last thing you did was move or touch them if you weren't trained to do so, because of the risk of worsening injuries.   Also i'd note this guy's more involved than me - i would have just left. I don't need the hassle.   Just because the guy reacted differently than you doesn't make him an asshole.
Was at goodwill the other day, and saw an aluminum kid's bat, and told my g/f that it would be the perfect home-defense weapon in a lot of ways: plausibly deniable as a weapon, lethal, blunt so it's less likely to make a mess. Plus it was pretty handy due to it's shorter length, and had really good balance.  Sadly she did not approve getting it to stick by the door.
When i was a kid, we were so poor that sometimes the boxes of macaroni and cheese we'd eat (and man, we ate a lot!) would have bugs in them. My mother'd always say "There's no bugs left in the macaroni - see, they all floated to the top."   Considering that (most of the time) boiled insects are perfectly safe to eat, i'd not worry about it overly much.
I don't have a like, moral issue with it, but i do find it totally inexplicable. Also, probably incredibly disgusting to actually view or partake in.
Be careful what you wish for, is a good motto to live by. These assholes wanted a rabid base that'd tear into the opposition no matter what reason, sense, and reality told them. They got it.  And now Trumps' going to probably pile-drive any chance the republicans had in '16 into the dirt.
Body found in Lake Stevens, Washington marsh ID'd as aspiring model; death called suspicious by police
Teacher in Springfield, Missouri charged with sexual abuse of 14-year-old foster child
It's really weird. On the one hand, she acknowledges she doesn't feel bad about what happened. On the other, she takes full responsibility for it, and expresses no desire for leniency. .  My natural inclination is to say she should be put to death (it isn't like she can be rehabilitated!), but since that's not possible in her state, being removed from society forever will have to do.
I've heard conflicting things - some say it's bad, some say it's alright in moderation, etc. I generally only do it if i have no choice and it's for a very small span of time.
Since this post has no business even *existing* i figure i'll go a little off script.   Actually true story: yesterday i went to wendies, and they were (evidently) training a new girl at how to be a Wendies worker. So my g/f gets a Frosty. The new girl kind of heaped it up a bit (so it looked like an ice cream cone). No shit, the manager told her that was to much to put in there and that it should be level with the cup and to remember for next time. Right in front of us, no less.   I almost thought about bitching to corporate about it, but decided not to.
23-year-old man in custody after attack and possible sexual assault of 81-year-old woman in church parking lot
I'm reading my way through "I could love you if you let me" on archiveofourown and i already liked the pairing but now i'm in love with it and i am now *incredibly* excited.
Since i didn't see it yet: Any situation where people are withholding large amounts of information/not answering questions/avoiding explaining things? Yeah, that's probably not going to work out well.  Another big one (and a related one) is one where people refuse to "get close" to you. If you move into an apartment or you start a job and *no one* is friendly? That's a red flag, they have a reason for acting like that, and it's probably not something you want to be around to learn about.
Some thoughts on each entry:  1. amusingly, clive barker's "Scarlet Gospels" have totally and utterly confused the issue of who pinhead is and what he wants.  2. Peter Watts did a great short story called "The Things" that talks about the mindset of the creature, and how it is, in truth, just doing what it does and isn't really evil per se. My own favorite theory is that the time in the ice gave it brain damage, and it was operating at a much reduced, bestial capacity; it's normal mode of operation must have been much higher, to build spaceships and all.  3. Dekker's kind of a mixed bag as a villian. On the one hand he's definitely evil, on the other hand that evil is serving a slightly greater good (for the moment, at least).  4. the Predator (or Yautja) are actually text-book evil to me. Their totally selfish, self-centered, and ignorant to the validity of other ways of living and other lives.   5. Vampires have always been sort of the prototype "monster-victim". Their monsters, yes - but only because of circumstance. Of course, they can embrace their dark nature. One thing i liked about the Twilight franchise is that it shows two types of vampires: those that sort of accept this "gift" and fit in with humans as best they can, and those that just go full on psycho-dark.
It's pretty trippy to think about, because the comic acts like they've been together forever, even though in story time it's only been a few weeks at most.
We'd have to make a few assumptions - the biggest one being he has some reason or motivation behind calling the crusade that's reasonably compelling. it's not just "hey let's roll" it's "because of these reasons, we must take up arms and defend Christendom itself!"   People would answer. How many and of what quality i couldn't venture a guess, but people would answer. Probably enough to mount a fairly serious expedition somewhere; definitely enough to run a guerrilla war.  if they could get a country on board (say, brazil or italy) they could do some *serious* damage to someone.   Either way, true believers will flock to such a cause, regardless of how crazy it might seem in hindsight.
I gotta think people who seek to kill other people for fun are not generally the most intelligent people, or the best at long-term planning.  Like [Steven Zelich](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/news/steven-zelich/) - he just dumped the bodies by the side of the road, even though he had *already gotten away with the crime*. Until those bodies were found, the investigation was going nowhere into both women's disappearances.   Criminals are generally stupid.
child's leg tells me it could be child abuse. Dad beats the kid a little to hard, they die, buries them under the shed.   Alternatively, could be a random nutbar who killed animals then escalated to killing a child.   The extreme age of the site tells me there's not apt to be much evidence left, and what evidence is left isn't likely to be conclusive.  What i want to know is: where's the rest of them.
hey now, ohio's an open carry state - it's totally legal for me to walk around with a loaded, ready to fire AR-15 so long as i ain't in a bar or within 1000 feet of a school and am not inside a car.
When deputies arrived just before 3:30 p.m., several friends and neighbors were already at the home. One of the neighbors had entered the residence through an unsecured window   Nice of the neighbors to *totally fuck the crime scene up*.  Very curious what the suspicious facebook posts are like, but couldn't find anything on them.
Off-duty Corrections officer shoots armed would-be motorcycle thief in head in NYC
murder-suicide victim was mom of 7, found by one of her children after being shot by her husband
13-year-old among seven on trial for gang rape at city house which was filmed, court hears
Truck kills boy, 6, playing on a trampoline
Father, Toddler Dead in Apparent Murder-Suicide Following Domestic Dispute at O.C. Home
South Carolina sheriff's deputy shot several times by masked man; condition unknown, shooter still at large
Tucson Shooting Leaves 5 Dead Inside Home; Police Suspect Murder-Suicide
Season 13, Episode 22: Spoilers Inside!   Drunk!Zoe may be the single hammiest acting i have seen in recent years. Maya's "You care about your father, or you wouldn't spend all your time trying to upset him" is the most cutting thing i have heard someone say on the show in a while.   1. Is this the first ever degrassi dream sequence?   2. Would drew be so easily misled, or teen drama bullshit?  3. Why does rocky have his own cellphone?  4. Maya: reasonable voice of wisdom, or miserable party-pooper?   5. Leo-Dallas: Perfect, or Unsatisfying?  6. What does everyone think of the continuing slow slouch towards Claire-Drew?  7. Is this the end of mile's turmoil, or is there more to come?