The masks that they have on when they rob the bank
I will never be good and that's not bad.
He scouted all the locations and got a lot of the casting done, but it was ultimately too expensive to finance.    The whole script is online if you're interested, I believe they're trying to make a miniseries based on the script.
Napoleon by Stanley Kubrick would have been the movie to end all movies.
I know you said no romance but Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind will rip your heart out and stitch it back together again.
Sounds like the 1920's all right......Nobody gave a shit
If you look the guy pouring has nothing but foam in his cup......"It's gonna be a while"
I've been really getting into Epics lately, Give me some epic movies that I've never heard of.   Movies similar to Lawrence of Arabia or Dances with Wolves.
Forrest Gump for sure..
One step at a time, just remember that it's suppose to be fun, try to enjoy really coming up with your characters and story. Make them seem like they are real people in a world you have created for them
Is there any legit proof of time travel that you know of? (Serious)
A clockwork orange has three very different acts and I think they all work pretty well in the grand scheme of the film.
That's not weird, just convenient.
What makes you the weirdest person you know?   Need to not feel alone in being and acting weird.
What are they doing in the scene? I can't seem to find it.
Best single season of any TV show?
Hope....the thought that one day, life will be better.
A laptop with a built in printer.
Blockbuster.......watching a movie online is nothing compared to the great feeling of seeing one last copy of that new release.  Plus is was down the street from my house, so there's that.
Zim
Whenever I'm at a friend's house that is near train tracks I fear that the train will derail and come straight through the house and kill everybody.
Fry.
Swing Away.
Moody's Point from the Amanda Show.
At least you will die rich.....
Heath Ledger. It seemed like his career was really about to take off.
After 5 years of having braces I'm still waiting for someone to say "Nice teeth".
Great movie!  The soundtrack really does it for me.
Children of the Corn.  Actually pretty good, until everything got so super natural.
Moist.
Paths of Glory by Stanley Kubrick  Definitely one of his best films.
Their is no time in a black hole.