And her mom.
cardboard crack
A couple of people are suspicious of their new neighbors because the new neighbors never do any lawn work.
Knights of the Old Republic
John Rocker works as a gym teacher in his hometown high school
Tammy Faye Baker
Vibrating the glass was brilliant.
Raiders of the Lost Ark
That puppy calendar really ties the Thunder Zone together.
Total War 2, the only reason why I know European geography.
The main two I experience in the Washington, DC area are these:  Guy approaches you on the metro or a popular tourist spot, says he is in the armed services on leave, had his wallet stolen, and needs some money to buy a bus ticket to get home to see his family.  In the areas outside of DC, Silver Spring, Bethesda, Arlington, there is always people that run up to you, usually well dressed, claim their car broke down, and need money for a tow.  They always run up to you pretending to be out of breathe, and always claim and try to provide evidence that they have a job.
Which movies do you feel had the best chemistry between main characters.   Magneto and Professor X - X-Man First Class.  Paul Rudd and Jason Segel - I Love You Man.  River Phoenix and Wil Wheaton - Stand By Me
I can't find The Howard Stern E! show with it, but Artie Lange's Pig Story is simply amazing.  "That's a pig doing cocaine!"      http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cD6pYH0-GbQ
No singing tree?
Brando - "I am going to make him an offer he can't refuse."
Disturbia
God I miss Steve Langford and his huge penis.
Sour Shoes?
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=19MEv8isbR0
Drinking out of a Snapple bottle with a bendy straw.
The Burbs
You will never get car jacked.
As long as you keep gambling you can pretty much do whatever you want.
Indecipherable Captcha Man
Use every advantage offered
Weird Science,  Sneakers,  A third Gremlins movie
KellyHopkinsville encounter, I doubt alien contact but this seems to be the most legit.
I think the monkeys at the zoo should have to wear sunglasses so they can't hypnotize you. Jack Handy
Raiders of the Lost Ark when Indy completely destroys the Egyptian temple containing the Ark.  Any scene in Goldeneye with Natalya because it reminds me how many times she walked into gunfire in the Control level of the game.  In the beginning of The Burbs where Walter trains his dog to shit on Rumsfield's lawn.
Heath Ledger - Brokeback Mountain Charlie Chaplin - The Great Dictator Alec Guinness - The Bridge on the River Kwai Pacino - And Justice For All Willem Dafoe - Platoon Tom Cruise - Tropic Thunder
If you ever travel back in time, don't step on anything because even the tiniest change can alter the future in ways you can't imagine.
Kurt Russell