Israels ongoing opposition to the nuclear deal signed with Iran has put it at odds with almost the entire international community and the tension was clear to see during yesterdays meeting in Jerusalem between prime minister Binyamin Netanyahu and visiting British foreign secretary Phillip Hammond
Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Thursday calls for a U.N. tribunal to be set up to prosecute suspects in the downing of a Malaysian airliner in a rebel-held part of Ukraine were counterproductive and premature.
The U.S. National Security Agency tapped phone calls involving German Chancellor Angela Merkel and her closest advisers for years and spied on the staff of her predecessors, WikiLeaks said on Wednesday.
Mapped: The Islamic States Territorial Losses and the Beginning of a United Kurdistan
The Obama administration hopes to make solar power more accessible for low- and middle-income Americans. It's announcing a series of moves, including installing more solar energy units in federally subsidized housing, low cost loans for homeowners and a program to help renters.
Why hardly anyone sponsored the most-watched soccer match in U.S. history
Greeces growing political and economic problems have its small neighbor Macedonia sensing an opportunity to push hard for joining NATO, a move that has been stalled for years thanks to Athens opposition because of disputes over Macedonias name.
Could China Save Greece from Financial Ruin?
Hi
Without public notice or debate, the Obama administration has expanded the National Security Agencys warrantless surveillance of Americans international Internet traffic to search for evidence of malicious computer hacking, according to classified N.S.A. documents.
Minorities and poor college students are shouldering the most student debt
Media coverage of gang violence sure looks different when the perpetrators are white
Kayaktavists Take Over Seattle's Port to Protest Shell Oil's Arctic Drilling Rig
Mission Unstoppable: From drone strikes to prison torture, the CIA has been pulling the strings of U.S. foreign policy since 9/11. And if history is a guide, the agency will be calling the shots in the Middle East for years to come.
Plenty of redditors don't like this quote in particular because the arms industry manufactures the firearms that they love. That's part of it.  The other part is that reddit doesn't like religion very much. The pope is a religious figure.  Another part is that the Catholic Church has caused plenty of deaths in its time, and is hardly a pillar of moral superiority.  Another is that it's just sort of obvious to most people.  That's why the comments are so hostile. Luckily, it seems that many more thousands of people think it's a fine quote, by the vote count.
A Syrian group opposed to the country's autocratic leader, Bashar al-Assad, says airstrikes by the U.S.-led coalition killed 52 civilians. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights called the alleged killings a "massacre" committed under the "pretext" of targeting ISIS militants.
The first F-35 jets ready for combat wont be able to protect forces in ground combat as well as the nearly 40-year-old A-10s the Pentagon wants to retire, according to the Defense Departments chief weapons tester.
Well, there've also been actual cuts to higher ed. In my state, the portion of tuition that was covered by the state has flipped from 66% to 33% in a few years. Meanwhile, we have more students and therefore a need for more bureaucracy.  We can settle for less and argue all we want about who gets the scraps, but the fact is we *need* to raise state funding generally. Both admin and faculty need to get paid, not one or the other.
A new report from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York sends a more sobering message to millennials: Your first 10 years in the labor market likely shape your lifetime earning potential.
Totally agree. Unsubbed a while ago. Very glad, much fewer random pictures of (what I think are) uninteresting things showing up on my front page.  Some people enjoy the sort of click-baity stuff that makes up most of the defaults, and that's fine, it can be fun. But I don't.
LA schools to end zero-tolerance polices and criminalization of students
China Home Prices Fall in Majority of Cities on Weak Demand
Ron Paul suggests using DDT to stop the spread of Ebola (like malaria), and is quite wrong about that being an effective treatment. From the article:  "'As far as I can make out he's wrong about everything,' Fordham University's Dr. Alexander van Tulleken told Foreign Policy. No licensed or approved treatment for Ebola exists. Yes, the experimental ZMapp drug seems to have effectively treated two American aid workers transported from Liberia to Atlanta, and more such untested drugs are in development. But those patients have also benefited from expert care, van Tulleken notes, so the jury's still out. 'The only treatments for Ebola really are supportive care' such as ventilation to support lung failure, dialysis for kidney failure or fluid replacement via IV.  As for Paul's claims about DDT and organic phosphates, neither is an actual treatment nor control mechanism for Ebola. While some in the public health community view DDT as a legitimate solution for slowing malaria, there's no science that says it would cure or control Ebola. 'What Ron Paul has done is confuse Ebola with malaria,' van Tulleken says. **'If you hose DDT around, you get rid of the mosquitoes, and maybe get rid of malaria. But Ebola is transmitted by bodily fluid. He's really fucked it up.'**
He really could've just given a straightforward "I was happy to see so many great law enforcement folks there last week, whether they were on duty or not." It was a little too bullshitty of an answer. Gotta really tread that line carefully between "bullshit" and "steaming bullshit."
The middle class is 20 percent poorer than it was in 1984
Ukraines army advanced on a last main separatist stronghold as the U.S. said Vladimir Putin is poised to give the rebels heavy weapons and European Union leaders considered their toughest sanctions yet on Russia.
Ukraine's prime minister has announced his resignation in protest of the disbanding of the ruling coalition in parliament following the withdrawal of several pro-European parties.
Quick! Save yourself and put an /s at the end!!
IT WAS YOUUUUUUU
No.  Zinn's one (slightly crackpot) side to a multifaceted story. The senate was an unelected body meant to provide (in theory, mind you) a bulwark against an overreaching federal government and semi-autonomous regional governments.   Of course the framers were concerned about tyranny of the majority, as they should be, but the senate was not designed *only* to be a check on majority rule, and I disagree with his idea that "the framers" acted as one body that was exclusively interested in protecting their interests, and that that's the primary role they saw for the government. The framers were not a unanimous bloc, they had a lot of ideas for the roles of government, and they all disagreed about many of them. You can't make such blanket statements, things are more nuanced than that.  I can't stand people running around waving *People's History of the United States* and spouting these things as if they're the only way to look at it.
OH MY GOD.
?