Apparently the Shaun The Sheep Movie is only coming out in the US now. You should all go see it.   It came out here a good few months ago and it's terrific, I'd love to see a British stop motion animated film do well in America.
me irl
I was hoping we'd get a full episode about the Back To The Future 9/11 conspiracy video.  Also does anyway have a link to the original Harmontown Hollow Earth episode?
You really remind me of someone but I can't put my finger on it.
I know it's been a while but music rights work completely differently for UK television, anything that isn't scripted sort of has the same rules as radio. They own the rights to play it, not to sell it. As long as you don't sell DVD's with the music you can put any music the channel owns, and all of the big channels have deals with the music studios.
Not really, basically just take a screenshot of your facebook page and put it in the layer above the picture. Then I exported the image that fit in the profile box and then I exported the image that fit in the cover box. The templates are just sort of the ones on  Facebook.
Oh shit. Well fuck mobile.
When I seen the thumbnail I assumed puppeteers would be under the table but they're fully visible! I love this so much. If you're willing to have writers on comic con panels the puppeteers should be there too.   This is a very rare occurrence and I'm surprised it happened. It's probably the only thing I disagree with Jim Henson on, he was on the side of always keeping the puppeteers a secret.  EDIT: Also wow that whole Promo we seen is completely thrown out the window. I will say the plot to this show sounds more Muppets Tonight that The Muppets Show.
Thanks!
Clips of the muppets with the muppets edited out so it's just celebrities talking to themselves.
Already did. It's doing better here.
Community does it too in their puppet episode.
And of course Hollywood Facts. My favourite of Scott's fake quizzes was when David Cross didn't realise that Hollywood Facts was a bit and he started arguing his answer was right. I think that was one of the last ones.    And of course: Alive Or Dead- Dick Wolf? Answer: Dead. His dick was eaten by a wolf.
She was an extra for that season though, right?
Tom Cruise
There used to be a pretty popular tinychat for teens on reddit but no one is really on it nowadays. I think it would be quite nice to get it popular again for this Summer.   This is the tinchat: http://tinychat.com/khsunny786 and there is a subreddit at /r/teenagerstinychat  EDIT: A lot of people are coming and leaving when they see there is not many people on. If you come on you could just leave it on in the background until some people join :)
Staff Infection is on
In case anyone doesn't know Jake and Amir have a podcast that Benny Schwazzz and Middleditch are sometimes on.  Also does anyone know which Jake and Amir sketch it is where they keep holding up DVDs? I think Schwartz was in it.
I used to play Club Penguin nearly everday so I made a video of myself revisiting it.
Is the original that he says "we have lots of Mexicans" or "lots of guns" because the second one works better from an irish standpoint.
Postcoital Mess: LIVE at UCBsunset, episode #190 of improv4humans with Matt Besser on Earwolf
You catch more of the jokes but the feeling of "jumping out of your seat and clapping your hands while you giggle" only happens during the first watch for me.
No I'm sure that's it. The flower scene in the trailer rings familiar. It's just that the memory has been in head for so long it's changed a lot over the years.   That's not an actual link to the film by the way. As far as I can tell it's not streaming anywhere online.
I feel like there hasn't been enough discussion about the fact that Scott has chosen a catchphrase.   It's been a big staple of the show for a few years now and he finally chose one. It's a pretty big step in terms of canon of the show.
Sonic Screwdriver
Eh..thanks. It does drag on way too long.
I am not like that at all. I regularly doodle on books that I'm in the middle of reading. I think the fact I do that is the same reason the line going down in the middle of the triangle being lobsided doesn't bother me.
Lot's of Huell Howser videos on youtube for you.  [This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ImpGsMenmSs) one is probably the best and there is a reference to it in Huell Howser's last episode.
Do you have to watch the show in the correct order?   I stopped watching season 1 but I forget where I was. Can I just jump into whatever episode appears interesting to me or is there a strict continuity in later episodes. I remember the first few episodes being quite form free.
I con't belieb dat.
Two people at most normally.
A short film I made got into a film festival and I got to watch it on the big screen. I feel like I've already accomplished a life goal!   I didn't win anything for it so my family seem to assume I'm upset but it was so great to see it in the cinema I don't really care. I just really wanted to share how happy I am with you guys. Have ye accomplished anything that you thought would be a life long goal?  [This] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7GakCW6MWY)  is the film if any of you are interested in watching by the way. It's not very long or very good but I enjoyed making it a lot. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7GakCW6MWY)