Michael Haneke.
Woody Allen.
Huh?
I don't know. This is a quite small list though. I agree with you that it's a great movie, the whole Koker trilogy is really worth watching, especially considering the interesting meta perspective. Maybe most people rank Kiarostami's other films higher, I don't know. But I must say that Close-Up (1990) is my favourite by him so far.
A Streetcar Named Desire (1951) and On the Waterfront (1954) are two classics. Apart from The Godfather (1972), Last Tango in Paris (1972), One-Eyed Jacks (1961) and Apocalypse Now (1979) would be considered important as well, even if I wasn't a big fan of One-Eyed Jacks (1961).
Tokyo Story (1953) is one of Ozu's best films and just has to be seen. It's a mellow, beautiful, tragic and very important post-war film, as it explores family matters in a very nuanced and rich way, setting the old against the new, something which Ozu often did and gave us at the same time a glimpse into Japanese culture and the everyday lives of people. It's also shot in an uncompromising matter with many excellent and static shots. Nothing is rushed. And yeah, two of my favourite actors, Chish Ry and Setsuko Hara are in it as well and both are doing some of their best performances. They have those faces that look so friendly that you just can't hate them. Pick it up!
Arrow Video Announces October Releases
You should! Actually, it's being released on Blu-ray by Criterion Collection in about a week.  Here's a review that came up some weeks ago:    http://www.blu-ray.com/movies/Hiroshima-mon-amour-Blu-ray/103958/      The restoration/transfer looks amazing. It scored a full 5.0 rating on video, audio and even the extras. The Criterion sale Barnes   Noble are having is starting any day soon, which means 50% on everything from the collection, I am so buying this! If you want to get your hands on it, this is a great opportunity, just a tip!
Here's two recommendations:         * Ich mchte kein Mann sein (1918) *(Ernst Lubitsch)*      It's about Ossi, she's revolting against her parents because they want her to be like a proper young lady, instead she goes to buy men's clothes and starts acting like a man. A little gem that's quite entertaining and charming.       * Berg-Ejvind och hans hustru (1918) *(Victor Sjstrm)*     In my opinon, Sjstrm was easily the best of the Swedish directors from the silent era. This one is about Berg-Ejvind that is running away from justice. He comes to work at widow Halla's farm and they fall in love. But when the truth about him is revealed, he and Halla decide to flee to the mountains. Sjstrm really proves that he was great at capturing nature in this movie. Not my favourite by him, but really worth watching.
Stntang (1994).
The New Issue: July/August 2015 | FilmComment
You also have Je t'aime je t'aime (1968) by Alain Resnais. A good one.
* Il sorpasso (1962)       * Im Lauf der Zeit (1976)       * Pierrot le fou (1965)
When you say "have watched most things", it makes me wonder a bit. That's quite vague. Anyways, it's an entertaining, funny and good little flick, no more, no less. I wouldn't put it up as one of the best films ever made, quite very fram from it, and nothing I would put in my top 250 for example, but it's not a bad movie at all. Another thing, there's a newer TV series with the same name that's quite interesting too, it's inspired by the film, but has an anthology format.
Favourite actress: Setsuko Hara	    Favourite actor: Chish Ry          Favourite director: Andrei Tarkovsky        Favourite movie: Der siebente Kontinent (1989)
I don't know if you are kidding or not, but I hope we don't get anymore of them.
It's not been released on any form of home media, so no streaming or DVD/Blu-ray available yet. The movie has mostly been screened at various festivals so far. If you want to watch it as soon as possible, you will have to do it in a movie theater. Look at IMDb for release dates in various countries.
Here's ten movies that could be something for you:        * A Zed   Two Noughts (1985)       * Andrey Rublyov (1966)     * Erosu purasu Gyakusatsu (1969)         * Gion bayashi (1953)     * Hiroshima mon amour (1959)    * Jalsaghar (1958)       * L'eclisse (1962)      * Pickpocket (1959)      * Spalovac mrtvol (1969)      * Tanin no kao (1966)      Since you know about Godard, Fellini and Bergman already, we can skip those aside a bit when it comes to recommendations. These ten movies will introduce you to some interesting and important directors, also some of my absolute favourites. All of them are visually interesting and philosophical, but mainly some of the best movies ever made, from Czechoslovakia, Italy, Japan, Soviet Union, India, United Kingdom and France, which is quite a little mix I fixed for you. If you like some stuff by Godard, Fellini and Bergman, there's a big chance that these movies will be in your taste too.
Pretty much anything from Tarkovsky and Tarr. Movies like Andrey Rublyov (1966), Stalker (1979), Solyaris (1972), Stntang (1994), Krhozat (1988), and Werckmeister harmnik (2000) are full of amazing and long takes. [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ykpJkf76X04) is a great example from Werckmeister harmnik (2000).
Possession (1981).
I have only 5 films left on that list, so I'm guess I'm still going. I have waited with some of those I have left for different reasons. But the so called "ride" was fun and interesting so far. And of course, some movies weren't at all great, but many were. I see it as a list of movies that are good to know about when you are talking about cinema in general. The list also changes through the years. It's also many different films, so you probably get a lot out of your comfort zone, which is good if you are studying films a bit more than usual. One good thing is that you get a lot of reference to work with, which is useful in many ways. I think it's good to mix your watchlist too, to not feel obliged just to go after this particular list. Remember to watch what you want to watch. On another note, TSPDT has a list that's a bit more interesting and diverse if you want to dive into similar missions. Although, both focus pretty much on American cinema and Europe, so much stuff is left out, same with experimental films for example.                 I'm a person who likes lists, so these things are often enjoyable for me, but I of course always have other movies to watch at the same time. As someone else said, think of it as a guide, it's great for beginners, because you get a glimpse of the history of cinema in a way, and you'll probably learn about and discover different directors etc. You don't have to like every single movie, it's great to be critical and know what you like and not like. Be prepared to be seeing movies that you maybe won't like, don't forget that. What I'm saying is that it's a great list to start with as a guide if you are just getting interested in movies.
Andrei Tarkovsky.
* A Zed   Two Noughts (1985)     * Il sorpasso (1962)       * Stntang (1994)
Stalker (1979).
La jete (1962).
A selection:       * Hiroshima mon amour (1959)       * L'eclisse (1962)       * Nattvardsgsterna (1963)        * Suna no onna (1964)            * Andrey Rublyov (1966)      * Tanin no kao (1966)       * Erosu purasu Gyakusatsu (1969)      * Jeanne Dielman, 23 Quai du Commerce, 1080 Bruxelles (1975)     * Der siebente Kontinent (1989)       * Stntang (1994)
[Here](http://blogs.indiewire.com/theplaylist/cannes-first-poster-images-and-synopsis-for-apichatpong-weerasethakuls-cemetery-of-splendour-20150504) are some images from the film and some more information posted quite recently.
1. Jeanne Dielman, 23 Quai du Commerce, 1080 Bruxelles (1975) (Chantal Akerman)     2. White Material (2009) (Claire Denis)       3. Khaneh siah ast (1963) (Forugh Farrokhzad)
Me too! It's one of the best movies I have ever seen. Just rewatched it some days ago. Such a masterpiece.
I have to agree with the one who hated it. I also did. Overly dramatized, stupid, sentimental and melodramatic. Everything is so excessive to the point that it just makes it silly to the max, from the jokes to the drama and messages. For me, it's a wonder that people like this so much.
There's no news about it for the moment. It hasn't even premiered anywhere yet, so it's a bit early to tell. You should keep an eye out on IMDb though, it will likely be posted there when it's official.
It looks probably amazing. It seems that it will be released by Criterion on DVD/Blu-ray too, which sounds even more amazing. And I hope they will restore more of Ray's work soon.