How I feel about Zilien Support...
Maritimes also has bagged milk. Nova Scotian, can confirm.
Wellington beefed her.
$20 Steam Card from Pixel Flashback!
Always tell people they are " Whale cum" after they thank you.
To all the cute dog couples...Let's rep some cute kitty couples!
*in the black
Of*
The sound track though!
When you understand probabilities you will be less frustrated. Example: If you have a steal rate of 5% for a particular item, thats a 1 in 20 chance  (not great but not terrible), the issue arises when you fail to consider that consecutive steal attempts do not increase the odds of getting the item. Every attempt is still only 5%, it's a common phalicy to believe independent events alter probabilities. So my advice...be patient.
I also live in Snowva Scotia...this winter has sucked.
Buy Phantom Dancers
"We just like to cuddle"
D...is for Degree.
Hai rekts on Zed....gg
Happy 1st Anniversary to my Wife!
I too can attest to this.
Look at these snuggly bastards! (X-post from /catpics)
Either method will yield the same result.
I feel like people who aren't teachers have improper perspective on the job itself. Where as people who are teachers have a "holier than thou" attitude. (Soley based on these posts).  I myself am a high school teacher. Graduated 3rd (of 115) from my high school and was on the dean's list throughout 4 years while pursuing a BSc (double major in Biology and Psychology,  minor in Earth Science). I'd like to think I am a relatively intellegent person, who went on to become a teacher.   That being said, I agree that teaching isnt the toughest job in the world. My wife is an ICU Nurse...and I'd never be able to deal with the shit she does (ie. Shift work and people who could die at the drop of a hat). However,  as she has informed me, she'd never want to do what I do. Stand onfront of (on average) 120 15-17 year old kids and try to teach them things, prepare lessons that are engaging as well ad informative,  handle classroom management (such as that ine kid who just jumped out a window...or that other kid that just full on bitch smacked another kid). My point is ever job has its difficulties and its easy portions, however until you have 1st hand experience (such that you have got the training, degrees, and job) don't knock it based on preconceived notions and shit experiences you've had with someone who was clearly not good at their job.  For me to get my current postion, I underwent an interview that 14 other applicants also took...but I managed to come out on top. This was after applying for a total of 12 other positions that individuals more experienced than myself recieved. Yes it's true that places are crying for teachers...but the government isn't putting money into education departments to allow for them to come in.   Tl:dr  I'm was top of my class both in high school and university and became a teacher. My wife's an ICU nurse, I'd never fucking want that job and visa versa. All jobs have pros and cons, don't knock it unless you've actually done the job yourself. I've never smoked marijuana, but I dont condemn people who do.
Sabin is a bit OP early game. But, with proper esper equipped leveling you can make any and every character OP.
You can get an early Genji Glove when you enter The Returners Hideout. When Banon askes you to be their "last hope" say "no" three times. Before you leave the hideout a random underling will pop up and give you one of the best relics in the game?
Minecraft Quakecraft! Check out one of the better game modes created online!
Tales of Phantasia plx
Fight It Out! Playing some MMX2! Watch us put out Flame Stag and squash Morph Moth!
Team name : EWreckShen
TMNT: TIT Finale!
Our First Look At Loadout! Love Dat Arena Shooter!
Mega Man X Opening Stage Guitar Cover!
Mega Man X Play through! FIght It Out! Come watch a couple Canadians try their hand at Mega Man X!
New YouTube Channel! Couple of Crazy Canucks Playing Obscure Video Games!
New YouTube Channel?!