Not much to go on, but here is the first description of Dario Fisher from Mirror Thief.   "For the longest time I simply just stared at the reflection in the mirror. The lines were still there. The brown eyes still had the light inside of them, I could see the signs of healing, although it looked like hell, it must have been worse before. My hair had been cut, poorly, it wasn't a style I would have chosen myself, yet I guess it was better than what it could have been if left to grow out. My face showed only the slightest bit of a scruff growing in. I didn't normally let my beard grow out, but I could see the advantage of not having a close shave at this point of a healing process. I noted with some regret that my goatee had been trimmed off. Ah well, it would grow back if I let it."  He has just awoken inside a hospital after a motorcycle accident. White male about 18 years old. I would like to see what image this little bit brings to your mind...
Day 2 (7d2d Fan Fiction)
hehe, we will see...I am having fun writing it so far. If there is support, I might continue.
Enjoy!
Amazon ranks free books different than paid. You might even hit #1 in your promo (I have at least twice) but the minute it's over your title drops off the face of the internet.  Even price structure changes where you sit in rank catagories.   Amazon isn't willing to help indies any more than a big traditional publisher. The best way to get your work in front of people is to write the next book. Then, the next one...and one more after that.
Get a friend to put booster cables on it for half hour with their car running. That will trickle charge your battery. If/when it starts take the cables off and disconnect the positive cable from your battery. Car runs? Your alternator is good. Car dies? Your at is toast.   Just about as basic a test as you can get.
It's pretty much up to you.   Sounds like you did your due diligence and you are off the hook.  Only other advice I could give is, if it's an older tube style TV, they didn't take to temperature changes well. (Sometimes) So if you left them sit to come around to room temperature they would often start working normally again.   It's my 2c, good luck!
I just quit my job of 20 years.   And it feels great.  They cared so little about me that they didn't even bother to say a word about it. I will miss it in some ways, but in many others it can just go get bent.  Here's to a new horizon and a new future. I will write my own destiny!
No disrespect taken!   After all, I am in the public eye. If I can't take a touch of critisism, well...I best exit stage left. And I agree with what you said. Honestly I typed this up in a rush at about 2 minutes before my head hit the pillow last night. If you are up to a re-read, here is the actual bite from the back of the book. I wouldn't mind hearing your take on it.    His parents ignore him.  His motorcycle is trashed from the accident.  He has nowhere to sleep, no money left, and no job to earn more.  With few options open to him, Dario's future is dark, and depression is sneaking around the frame of his world. That is until his fingers push through the boundary of the reflection in front of him, and he learns that he can move through a world that others can only see.  Now...can he use this to fix the errors of his past, or will crime be the only option?
We got upgraded computers at work. I started typing in the address for a page I use often and then noticed the suggested page. Yep, that's fitting...
I don't have time to go into depth, but I see you are getting few comments. So here is a quick thought after reading a short bit.   Right of the bat, look how many words start with "f" try reading that fast...I had to untie my tounge.   Be sure to read what you write out loud. If you are like me, and know the words by heart, read the sentences normally, but backwards. Last sentence first and so on.  You will soon find some of our errors and sentences that don't flow.  Hope this helps some.
Was going to down vote cause...enough already...but, can't do it. You win.
Future Jumper Series by Jamie Heppner.
If you do happen to grab this free E-book, and feel like leaving a review, I wouldn't complain. Of course, that is only a request and by no means necessary.  Thanks for the read, and I hope you enjoy another of my giveaways.
You are very welcome. Glad to be here for you. Just remember, a 40+ year olds advice. The shit that seems so terrible today won't even be a memory 20 years from now. Get out and try something new.  You say hi to someone and they blow you off? You are already better off because they aren't worth it if they don't even know how to be nice to a stranger.  Life is short enough, no point wasting it on the small stuff.  You need me, let me know, usually on reddit at least once a day.
Listed as free on my end. Here's the direct link.    http://www.amazon.com/Worlds-Unbound-Future-Jumper-5-ebook/dp/B00HL8BGXY/ref=la_B006N2IJU2_1_7?s=books ie=UTF8 qid=1392388883 sr=1-7
I am ripping you off! Well, that's what I was told the last time I gave away a free e-book. So this time, grab all 5 of the Future Jumper Series, completely free for Feb 14th only. My Valentines gift to you!
Two guys knock -Africa- by Toto out of the park!
I would wait until that exact second where the blue of the sky fades into the black of space. Just be sure to have a hold on something as the gravity will be pretty weak and you don't want to spin out of control and ask the oxygen recycler system.
Her, actually. And I will be happy to link her page for you.   https://www.facebook.com/customcovercreations  Tada! Take a look at some of the work/premades she has done.
Free starts at midnight tonight. (Pacific time) Didn't want anyone to miss out, so I have posted a touch early.   If you still have problems after that, please let me know.
No,  you have a valid point, and I can see what you mean. I will try to twist it a touch...
The girl, and the fire, are pivotal in this, the final chapter of the series.  The by has been removed, however I am still working on the cropping. It may (will?) end up as a paperback as well, so the cover image you see has her hand sweeping to the left and an open black area for the blurb placement. I have been playing with fonts, but as of yet I am unable to find one that truly seems to flow. It has been offered I should use a fire, but that...would be too much.   As for the series # I don't have much choice. I have had too many readers pick up a book out of order and than leave a negative review because it didn't make any sense. If I don't hit a reader in the face with what book number it is, well...  Thank you for your input, it is consistent with almost everything else that I have heard. I will repost a finished product in an update as soon as it is done. Hopefully to better praise!
Love it! Thank you, and I see you snooped back a bit ;-) awesome.
Really? Pardon my ignorance, what is Books-A-Million? Do you have a link?
Perhaps re-read your own post, and the follow up posts. You will soon find that I never said it was the (best show ever)  I did however question whether or not you actually watched it. As for the reasons I love it?  I found it entertaining.  I connected with the characters and felt the loss when they were killed in the wrap up movie. I saw a story line that was only given the shortest of time to scratch the surface of potential. However, that doesn't mean a damn thing to you, and it shouldn't, because it's my opinion. AND your thread asked for that.   Anything else you want to try and ditch me on?
I don't know what country you are in, but if it is in Canada, you might want to look into a foster program. You can foster a child from shortly after birth, and in many cases it turns out to be long term/life.   I know it isn't the same, but...?
My wife and I have been together for over 9 years, she sounds a little like you. She didn't much care for my flirtatious behavior, but has learned that it is just my personality. She is the one for me, and always will be. I don't want anyone else.  You are off to a good start by expressing your feelings, now, take everything you just wrote down, and tell him that.  Even if you have to show him the post, or copy and paste and print it out for him.   The words will do you more good if spoken to the right person.  If he is as good as you say he is, you will be fine, and you both with grow a bit and move on in your joint relationship.
If you have unlimited time and energy, I say go indie.   If you are human, shoot for traditional.   This coming from an indie author...you spend %90 of your available time trying to find more ways to promote your work, and much less time actually writing it. If you expect quick cash from indie, think again. You really have to work for your sales and even a small lapse in promotion can make a big change in the trickle of sales you might have.  Of course, some indies do great.  Just not this guy...yet.
Mine-sales, rather be a paid author...working on it.
You find any, let me know. I make less than you do and my wife and I are sitting here right now trying to find ways to come up with more money. I write books on the side and try to sell them, but I don't even have enough time to push them properly.  It's a no win situation and I wish you the best.
I have been writing for over 4 years. I have finished a 96k book as well as multiple short stories, and have plenty of work unpublished. My reviews are 4+ stars for the most part, yet I feel like a failure in writing and no longer have the drive to continue. Has anyone else gone through this?   Thank you all for the input. My wife interupted me tonight, but I managed to get a minor 500 words down. It's better than nothing, and a start in what I believe is the right direction.