Damn you...this was my go-to answer.
After a coalition airstrike in March that left Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi seriously wounded and on the verge of death, the leader of the so-called Islamic State (IS) is no longer in full control of the violent militant group's day-to-day activities, sources have said.
It is the fastest spaceship ever launched and has been hurtling towards its target at a staggering 36,000mph for the past nine years. But now Nasa engineers are preparing to put their robot craft, New Horizons, on its final course  to the tiny world of Pluto.
As part of President Obamas plans to combat climate change, the White House announced a program on Friday for the U.S. Department of Energy to train 75,000 people to work in the solar power industry by 2020
U.S. Senator Lisa Murkowskis (R-AK) amendment to Congresss budget resolution passed by a vote of 51-49. The legislation would support and fund state efforts  which many argue are unconstitutional  to seize and sell Americas public lands.
UTexas-NASA Study Sees New Threat to East Antarctic Ice - If Totten Glacier were to collapse completely, global sea levels would rise by at least 11 feet (3.3 meters). As in the West Antarctic Ice Sheet, complete collapse of Totten Glacier may take centuries
Major world powers have quietly begun talks on a U.N. Security Council resolution to lift U.N. sanctions on Iran if a nuclear agreement is struck, a step that could make it harder for the U.S. Congress to undo a deal, Western officials said.
That's not being trashy, that's being naive.      For example, I grew up extremely poor and joined the military right out of high school. Because my family was so poor, I'd never eaten in a restaurant until a very pretty girl asked me to dinner at *Ye Olde Oyster House* in Boston. I was stationed with the 10th special forces group at Ft. Devens, Mass. and I was excited about my restaurant visit. She ordered a drink and I ordered an ice tea; when tea is served in the south it usually came pre-sweetened, but this Boston so it was without sugar. I promptly used every cane sugar packet on the table to make the tea sweet enough. The waitress brought cornbread to the table as a snack while we looked the menu over. The cornbread I'd grown up with was thin, bitter, and a type of hard tack, but the waitress had brought what appeared to me to be cake. Without saying anything to my date, I flagged down the waitress and told her she'd brought us desert before the meal and that we'd not ordered any cake. Both the waitress and my date assured me it was cornbread. As we ordered, I didn't recognize anything on the menu when I spotted a dish made with eggs that looked edible. So I ordered the quickee, which made the waitress giggle and my date blush. It was actually quiche, and I didn't eat much of it. After this affair I never heard from or saw my date again. While this may have appeared trashy to anyone watching, it was simple naivete.      When I see poor people acting inappropriately, I understand the reasons behind their action.
The head of Israel's election commission acted on Monday to limit any pre-election boost Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu may get from a March 3 speech to the U.S. Congress, in which he will warn of the threat from Iran's nuclear programme.
Rep. Dave Brat (R-VA) said, Socrates trained Plato in on a rock and then Plato trained in Aristotle roughly speaking on a rock. So, huge funding is not necessary to achieve the greatest minds and the greatest intellects in history.
All religions, by design, set people apart from one another by claiming their adherents are special and morally superior. This is utter bs. Religions pass moral judgments on unbelievers, while also attempting to force their morality on the societies they exist within. I'm expected to respect the folklore that the adherent lives by, but my rejection of this is seen as wrong. Without religion there is no war in the middle east, no rejection of LGBT rights, and no deaths because of rejecting religious beliefs.
Another ad hominem argument, so you didn't really learn anything at all.      We are only going to continue talking past one another because we see the world in very different ways. I learned this from my oldest brother who is a preacher at a Church of Christ denomination in the american south. He saw the world through the lenses of "god" while my vision was obscured by my "godlessness." His conclusion came after I'd asked too many "unfair" questions concerning his beliefs. The most offensive question was "what is a day to god." He firmly believes in creationism as presented in the "bible" that is limited to six days with a seventh day for rest. His "god" just happened to follow the cycle of our planet's daily revolution. But to claim that this information is correct means understanding the mind of his "god", something that is supposed to be unknowable. Religious people are annoyed by these contradictions when they're pointed out.      The same problem applies to our conversation. You are willing to allow specious claims based on your religious views, and participate in a form of suspension of disbelief that might be called "faith". I don't share this predilection for applying "faith" based on the observance of a set of rules formed by individuals who lived thousands of years ago. In its purest form, religions are a method to control and funnel the hopes and fears of a downtrodden portion of the world's population. It banks on the the promise of an afterlife of paradise for a chosen few. I know this is the only life available to me and I refuse to waste it propping up the beliefs of an elitist few.
ty
I'm sorry there's not enough participation. I wanted to update and continue my discussion but I am also on deadline with a story. Here is the list of resources that I used:      Cliff Sloan and David McKean, *The Great Decision Jefferson, Adams, Marshall, and the Battle for the Supreme Court* (New York: PublicAffairs, 2009).      Doris Kearns Goodwin, *The Bully Pulpit: Theodore Roosevelt, William Howard Taft, and the Golden Age of Journalism*, First Simon   Schuster hardcover edition (New York: Simon   Schuster, 2013).      James MacGregor Burns, *Packing the Court: the Rise of Judicial Power and the Coming Crisis of the Supreme Court* (New York: The Penguin Press, 2009).      Peter H. Irons, *A Peoples History of the Supreme Court* (New York: Viking, 1999).
Theodore Roosevelt: He lobbied for labor rights before it was popular, and an eight hour workday. He placed aside a huge chunk of American wilderness for future residents to enjoy. He attacked the political patronage of Wall Street, once telling J.P. Morgan that the President of the United States answers to no corporation. He was tough and smart, willing to sleep on the open plains and able to capture a horse thief alone. He won the Congressional Medal of Honor and the Nobel Peace Prize. As N.Y.C. Police Commissioner, he is credited with overseeing the city's first honest election. There hasn't been another Republican close in stature to T.R., unless it's Abraham Lincoln, which was his hero.
Thank you for the reply.
I missed the foreshadowing you mention, but now it makes sense. I viewed the way the characters died (sun or freeze) based on the morality they portrayed. The captain, psych officer, nuclear engineer, and his female friend all show a deep appreciation of other people's lives, and die by fire - which is considered a good death.      The communication officer and engineer are more concerned with their own lives or the mission's success, and ignore the needs of others. The comm officer is willing to take the last space suit to survive, and the engineer is willing to murder the grieving nav officer to save oxygen. Both die by freezing, which is an irony because they're so close to the sun.
*Sunshine* was a very interesting sci-fi movie because it was well cast. I also found a theme in the way the characters were killed off. The characters that are sympathetic for the viewer died by fire, while the characters showing weakness of moral apathy died by freezing. Two died at human hands, and by knife. There is a consistent theme via death throughout the movie. It's a deep movie that asks some interesting questions.
Perhaps I've mistaken the purpose of this subreddit. I was under the impression that it was a place to come for trusted answers to history related questions. Now that I understand it's only around for the novelty or trivial questions that don't require sources, I won't take things so seriously. In fact, I think I'll just stop participating in this self-important subreddit so as to no longer hurt the moderators childish sensibilities.
Looking at the bigger picture, why has the Supreme Court shifted its support of free speech in elections from protecting voters to protecting corporations and large donors? It all begins with precedents and Citizens United set the stage for McCutcheon. More recently, the Court decided to break the barrier between church and state by deciding prayer before government meetings is acceptable.      Taking a closer look at the Justices themselves, five possess law degrees from Harvard, three have law degrees from Yale, and one attended law school at Columbia University. These are among the top five universities in the U.S., with the most millionaire alumni, and a rarefied atmosphere. The cost to earn a law degree from these universities averages $280k, well beyond the financial reach of average Americans.      As for religious convictions, there are six Catholics and three Jews sitting on the court. This doesn't bode well for the pro-choice crowd if another attack on Roe v. Wade takes place. How long will it take corporations to earn religious rights from the court?      We have six men on the court who bring a sense of entitlement to their positions, while the three women offset it with empathy. Most of the court's members have operated within the elite atmosphere populated by the very wealthy, and have lost touch with average American. We should be very afraid of the ideological reach enjoyed by the Supreme Court, and question its pivot in free speech from that of the average American to the wealthy and corporate elites.
First, there was no "Soviet juggernaut" waiting to push through Europe and the ideology belongs to the Traditionalism history espoused by W.E. Griffith or T.T. Hammond, according to Chris Ward, author of *Stalin's Russia*.      Revisionist historians such as J.L. Gaddis and R.C. Raack acknowledge the devastation inflicted on Russia by the Germans, but that Stalin hid the nation's weakness with oratory bluster and demonstrations of technological prowess (Sputnik, hydrogen bomb). The U.S. State Department lacked the personnel to properly evaluate the Soviet Union because of the Red Scare and McCarthy's accusations which resulted in the department losing a huge number of analyists.  As to the original question, Germany was rearmed because U.S. leadership believed it was a necessary deterrent, but the French demanded that the Germans host American soldiers as a means of keeping the German Army from reemerging as a threat.      Sources:    1. John Lewis Gaddis, The Cold War a New History (New York: Penguin Press, 2005).      2.Kenneth Osgood, Total Cold War: Eisenhowers Secret Propaganda Battle at Home and Abroad (Lawrence: University of Kansas, 2006).
The government still has a massive amount of classified information from WWII, and the difficulty for a researcher is to know exactly what document to request in a FOIA, otherwise it's like throwing spitballs at the wall and waiting for the right one to stick. Regarding my flare, I do study the development of cities, their social and political histories, and yes, race plays an important role. As for the media, I have a deep understanding of film's influence on society in driving a popular narrative or style, or taking the historical pulse of the nation in any given year.
As someone who doesn't believe in the whole god thing, all of the indoctrinated scare me because they can hang all the killing on the "will of the almighty," and justify their existence because they're mentioned in a book. Honestly, one day Israel's use to the US will go to the wayside, and it will join the ranks of the Philippines, Georgia, Honduras, Cuba, Hungary, and a bevy of others, on the sideline and ignored. I honestly hope that when that time arrives, Israel has learned to live peacefully with its neighboring countries. If not, it can always fall back on "his will be done."
Changing climate conditions have led to droughts and a rise in food prices. The economic conditions have exasperated the decline, leading individuals to question leadership and the economic models that favor the elite. This is particularly true across the middle east where graft is an accepted practice in business. As U.S. power continues its decline both overseas and at home, the amount of aid to countries will substantially decrease, except to those countries that hold resources the federal government considers vital to national security. In the U.S., the economic downturn has halted and reversed any momentum to grow the middle class. Most Americans are now living paycheck to paycheck, working longer hours, and mired in school-loan debt. The new jobs being added to the economy are in the low-paying service industry. The discontent over wall street will continue to grow as more americans feel the tightening grip of the declining economy. Increasing violence, I believe, is just around the corner in the u.s.
I found the filmmaker's manipulation of longstanding societal sexual and drug norms especially interesting and funny. Just prior to all hell breaking loose, the controllers are popping champagne, while the girl, which they assume is the virgin, takes a horrible beating. The stoner is both the virgin and the hero, protected from manipulation by his weed. Sigourney Weaver tries to talk the girl into shooting the stoner, still believing the girl is the virgin, whose death the controllers are ambivilent about. The stoner as virgin was a smart twist to the story.
I believe the issue depends on who's doing the judging. For example, Theodore Roosevelt was extremely popular with the people, but the Republican party and industry considered his policies a disaster. When he declared large portions of land under federal jurisdiction in order to form the many national parks we now enjoy, Republicans and industry (railroads, lumber supply, mining) were enraged. By attacking the trusts, TR basically knee-capped the Republican fundraising machine. While historians still recognize the value of TR's policies in relation to the nation at large, Republicans still ignore him, or label him a Progressive.
Thank you for the link but this is just a reiteration of all the explanations I've read. My interest is in whether a real investigation took place and if so, where are the records and have they been independently confirmed?
The natives are getting restless.
Because you need evidence of the government's involvement in creating and punishing race related crimes, I'm giving a nice list of books to help you along. If you're still confused about government or corporate responsibility in creating a police state dependent on racial profiling after reading this list, then there really isn't much hope that you'll ever understand the problem.  The Black worker : race, labor, and civil rights since emancipation - Eric Arnesen  Popular culture in the age of white flight : fear and fantasy in suburban Los Angeles - Eric Avila  Civilities and civil rights : Greensboro, North Carolina, and the Black struggle for freedom - William Chafe  Uplifting the race : Black leadership, politics, and culture in the twentieth century - Kevin Gaines  Colored people : a memoir - Henry Gates  Urban revolt : ethnic politics in the nineteenth-century Chicago labor movement - Eric Hirsch  The ruptures of American capital : women of color feminism and the culture of immigrant labor - Grace Hong  Race and the making of American liberalism - Carol Horton  White flight : Atlanta and the making of modern conservatism - Kevin Kruse  The silent majority : suburban politics in the Sunbelt South - Matthew Lassiter  Suburban warriors : the origins of the new American Right - Lisa MacGirr  Black Americans and organized labor : a new history - Paul Moreno  My blue heaven : life and politics in the working-class suburbs of Los Angeles, 1920-1965 - Becky Nicolaides  Working toward whiteness : how America's immigrants became white - David Roediger  The city : Los Angeles and urban theory at the end of the twentieth century - Allen Scott  American Babylon : race and the struggle for postwar Oakland - Robert Self  Fenians, freedmen, and southern Whites : race and nationality in the era of Reconstruction - Mitchell Snay  The origins of the urban crisis : race and inequality in postwar Detroit - Thomas Sugrue  The two reconstructions : the struggle for Black enfranchisement - Richard Valelly  Inventing the "American way" : the politics of consensus from the New Deal to the civil rights movement - Wendy Wall  Fight against fear : southern Jews and Black civil rights - Clive Webb
No, I won't stop it. That is the problem with the U.S.; too many people are willing to lay down and let shit happen to them. We are in the middle of a culture war with the nation's wealthy who base their opinions on appearance. The right car, college, diction, and associations all play into this paradigm. The reason no one is getting hired today is because there are no jobs. The wealthy have gutted the labor unions leaving very few institutions powerful enough to represent the poor. The latest budget fight is a glaring example of the lengths politicians are willing to go to protect the wealthy. Instead of stopping, you should be getting angry.
For just a moment there I was confused with your [logic!](http://www.pbs.org/peoplelikeus/resources/stats.html), and then I checked out your past comments and decided not to waste my time. If you're comfortable with working-class wages remaining stagnant since 1972, while professional politicians vote themselves regular pay raises, then why ask you to pull your head out of A HOLE?
I am a 45-year-old male who found himself homeless because of the current financial downturn. In 2006 I completed two bachelors, one in journalism, the other in history. Over the next four years I worked toward a masters in history. With the economy worsening, I realized the opportunity to finish my masters was limited. No one in my family has gone beyond a bachelors so my efforts were considered a matter of pride for my dad. In order to pass the summer exams, I quit my job to study. I paid for school and living expenses using a small retirement 401K and a savings account of about $2000. I believed that earning a masters would provide more job opportunities, so the gamble was worth it, imo. As I studied over the summer, I flooded the job market with resumes. After taking and passing my exams on August 21, I received a job offer in public relations from a large company in Seattle. I jumped at the opportunity, and having exhausted all my financial resources, sold all my household goods on craigslist. After arriving in Seattle, I received an email from the HR head of this large firm stating the PR position was an entry level job and I was over qualified for it. He went on to state that someone with my education background and work experience was unlikely to remain with their corporation at the entry level position. The offer was rescinded and I found myself without a job, home, or funds outside of Tacoma, Washington. I'd held back a few items to sell if I reached a desperate state, such as needing gas or food. The first item to go was my favorite dress watch, pawned for food and gas money. My vacuum cleaner went next, and then several wall clocks. These were all small items that fit in the trunk of my car. I had two laptops, but didn't want to part with either because I consider them indispensable for finding work. I attempted to enter a homeless shelter in Tacoma, but after two failed robberies by individuals trying to break into my car, I decided to find a rest stop to park and live. [This](http://www.flickr.com/photos/55230349@N04/) is where I lived for the next two months. As the days grew colder, I turned to Veterans Affairs for help. First, I went to the VA hospital in American Lake just south of Tacoma. Because I didn't suffer from an alcohol or drug addiction, my options were limited. I continued searching for jobs, but because I'd never been homeless or lived on food stamps, I didn't know where or how to apply for these services. Because I'd quit my job, unemployment benefits were not available. When asked by Washington State officials if I was unable to work because of a disability, I had to answer in the negative. This meant I wasn't eligible for monetary assistance but I was given food stamps. I continually contacted the VA social worker at American Lake to ask for help, but there just wasn't much assistance for someone in my position. I was eventually referred to a VA social worker in Seattle, and within days he placed me in the veterans shelter where I'm now living. I'm still angry and confused about a system that I've paid into for my entire adult life only to find it of no use when I needed it the most.