I'm not sure I 100% agree with the headline. Gaining 4.4 lbs doesn't necessarily make you "fat".
HBR often has some really good articles related to the business world. In light of the recent changes here I thought it would be appropriate to post this. It's an opinion piece but I think it's pretty accurate and probably nothing you haven't already thought of.
If you want to be by the beach then that's Ocean Beach, Pacific Beach, or La Jolla. All three areas have a different vibe but all are nice in their own way.
Win rate doesn't matter really. Ago is the rider with the most wins followed by Rossi.   The trouble with saying "talent" is that it's really subjective. Races won is really the only metric that we can use. And it's what counts in racing.
It depends on what you're trying to get out of coaching and what that coach can provide. Are you looking to learn how to program? Are you looking for coaching on your technique?  Don't forget that just because someone is strong doesn't mean they are a good coach.
Best and worst years for U.S. beer production: 1800 - 2010
Cool modified bug - Album on Imgur
It matters when you're trying to keep your 7 year old from learning the F bomb.  There's no need for profanity and it just shows ignorance on the part of the rider. And do we really think that we are going to change anyone's behavior by wearing that?
Not what I was expecting.
Traffic isn't that bad. I work in Mission Valley but live just east of there and traffic isn't bad. I used to live in Little Italy and East Village and the traffic wasn't bad at all heading to work. It's nothing at all like LA or New York.   Groceries aren't that bad and there are a LOT of small markets (shop in the Vietnamese or Mexican markets for cheap produce).  Don't forget that your utilities will drop. We don't need heat for most of the year (I think I've had it on once this winter) and you don't really need AC.
This is really, really cool. It's probably been commented on already but it would be interesting to see this over the course of American history.
It says "native". I don't get it.
Wow, what a cutie!
It's always worthwhile to compete and especially if it's your first time. Don't worry about what your lifts are as the first meet is just about getting a total.  You would be in the 275lb class.
Here you go!   https://account.oneplus.net/invite/claim/GLCJ-R2ZI-ZFGA-HCYK.  I've replaced the 17th letter of the alphabet with the 26th letter of the alphabet.  If you don't mind just report back when it's claimed.  enjoy!
Very cool, thanks for posting!  You should also post this in /r/infographics
Ha, no way I would have guessed that the best way for a female to get karma was to post her naked pics. I mean that goes against all common sense.....  I'm going to do my best but you know this post stands no chance right?
A follow up from on the "Top disproportionately common names by profession" discussion.  Sorry for the American slant.
Gateway to Astronaut Photography of Earth - Live feed from the ISS
Nicely done.  The file copied fine for me.
How about a happy start to the new year?
26 charts and maps that show the world is getting much, much better
Very nicely done. Upvoted.
I totally agree with you. I found it intolerable with the over the top message and terrible acting. I cannot believe that it got as high of a score that it did.   It took itself way too seriously for me to consider it a "fun" movie.
The story on plastic cells was particularly cool to me. At what point do we simply start replacing all of our aging cells with artificial ones?
Stunning example. Yours?
Meanwhile in spoiledbratland....
100 Worst Atrocities - Population Control, Marauder Style
Depending upon what they are used for it might make more sense to put them on the inside.  Back when I was a kid loading UPS trucks in college we used to two those with our fingers just to mess with them. It made it look like the package was mishandled when it wasn't.   When you make it obvious that you don't trust the people doing your work they will probably mess with you.
You can still buy those on ebay. I think the memory of them is better than the reality. But everyone at school used to have one of those.
Wow! You look fantastic!
Didn't Chris Hanson already do this?