Don't downvote him guys, he just ran out of bombies. We've all been there
Speed camera vans **hate** this one easy trick!
50 hours in "This park is really neat and tidy"
Local fence takin' out the trash
But surely you must have some other pitchforks we could take a look at!
Definitely is for the better.
Definitely cheating
3 marijuannas and 7 cracks
Not sure if racist
Now here's the thing...
I was in a spot where I needed to force cold air into the engine, that's what I had to do. I didn't come here for support with my decisions, I came here for help. It's applicable to the problem so I included it. From what I've read it should cool down when I rev the engine or go around 60 if its the fan clutch right? I shouldn't have to hit 100mph to get results. I feel like it cooled down there because there was so much air going into the engine. Is there a definite way to tell if it's one or the other without tearing it apart? I live in an apartment complex that doesn't care for me disassembling my car in the parking lot lol
I had a similar experience, I was just drinking some vodka for the happiness buff and my frame rate dropped insanely low. Like we're talking black screen except for a minute every couple hours. Next thing I know I've spawned at this stone query (fortunately I didn't lose any gear) and my pre 2000 update vehicle I just grinded currency for was missing its bumper. The devs really need to work on this.
Yeah I heard something about the vampire boss thing, but I'm pretty sure they changed it to a hand-spear type weapon in an update following this sword. Apparently the boss was really op so they put in a stronger weapon to counter it. I'm pretty sure they removed the vampire boss completely around the time of the firearm update (at the very latest).
:c
Lol sorry if it was too vague. Just caught my attention and I got a kick out of it.
Grandma is died
Bunny is sick, help please!   Hey, my rabbit is sick. One of her eyes is red and she's got a stuffy nose! She's still bouncing around and happy, eating (and tossing her bowl when she's done) with no sign of pain whatsoever. I'm thinking it may be a cold but I'm unsure. The vet literally won't do anything with her. Like that shouldn't even be a thing but he just keeps saying she's okay. The closest one is 3 miles away and I can walk that but the next one is 12 miles away. If it could be something serious I'll do it but she seems fine. Sometimes she'll close the eye but that's it. Any suggestions?
Fill the back seat with bags of ice!
Why don't my incense burn into ash?
Hand check: hammer of God with mephisto RDA. Treasure island is my current favorite.
The whomping willow in its early years
Off topic, but is 3/4th proper?
Fair enough
A vape store owner I know runs .02 on a mephisto with an el diabolo 26650 mod. I've seen the build but am way too nervous to be around when he uses it.
Yeah me too. I've drawn up a lot of plans for a box similar to this, I'm a machinist so I could really go crazy with it. I'm a bit nervous though so I'm reading up a lot on the wiring and stuff. 4 batteries that close to my face, really wouldn't want to do that wrong!
I'm assuming its a compressed air cannon, which could toss somebody. I'd be more worried about his ears than anything. Saw this a year or so ago on YouTube and I feel like he got up afterwards.  Edit: here's a link  scientist air cannon prank: https://youtu.be/Bo8Q88bAXyQ
OMFG WHY DIDN'T YOU PUT A TRIGGER WARNING ON THIS NOW I'M TRIGGERED THANKS DICK
ELI5: Why do people try to time pictures instead of taking a video and capturing the parts they want?
Where is the bear cub?
I've never seen a point made this well before...
That could be worst
Well I was just there with the Realtor, that place is beyond massive. To all the people who think it's not for sale, it definitely is. It's destroyed though, I'd say 150000 dollars just to keep it standing for 10 more years.