Poor Neil
Debate on Reddit
Successful parrot laughs maniacally
Don't you think it's a bit naive for you to offer a one-line solution to such a long-standing, complex problem?  Without any evidence, no less?  It's pretty easy to poke holes in, too.  Hey, what if all the foreign workers keep being prostitutes, but just drop out of the legal system!  Huh...now your solution sounds a lot like...prohibition!  Which, incidentally, I did not advocate for.
Hey, no need to be such a dick.  You know what I had to say?  I had two sarcastic remarks about a pretentious and infantile quotation of a line from an old song by Tool.  Oh my god - somebody said something sarcastic and irreverent in the face of a profound quotation in /r/psychonaut - she must be an asshole, and we must downvote and attack her.  This absurdly childish and hateful reaction is evidence enough to me that my comment was relevant and substantive.
:/
Congratulations.  Feels good to do what you know is right. :)
The Lonely American
I guess we won't agree on this.  Why should you participate?  Because you care about other people, about the fate of your descendents, and of the species and the planet.  If all you'll ever care about is yourself, and you won't be satisfied until you're free, then your best bet is probably to kill yourself right now - you're in for a miserable life (ironically, one that seems to have been pulled right out of a Hollywood revolutionary meme).  Anyway, if you want to debate what makes a good life, we could do that - I think it's an interesting topic.  But somehow I don't believe you're interested in changing your views on that in the slightest, nor on presenting a genuine argument for your own views.
Everything you said makes sense, but you didn't cite a single piece of *evidence*.  I could as easily write paragraph that sounds as true and supports the opposite conclusion, but they couldn't both be true.    Wild animals die, and get maimed, etc.  It's a fact of animal life.  If my cat doesn't kill a bird, it will probably suffer some other painful, violent death as a prey animal.  Unless cats can be shown to increase the cruelty of an ecosystem, I don't think cat-induced horrible deaths are morally relevant.  This is an empirical question; *where is the science?*
He's a Republican senator from Kentucky.  He has to support the coal industry to stay in office.  Political candidates positions are **not personal**.  They're strategic.  Some of Rand Paul's positions make me feel like vomiting.  That's true for every major candidate for president I've ever seen; some of Bernie Sanders' positions are absolute garbage, truly asinine ideas designed purely for popular appeal.  These people are politicians in the American political system; of course they're going to have some horrible positions from the perspective of any reasonably intelligent person.  I would vote for Rand Paul in some matchups; in others, I wouldn't.  You could do a whole lot worse, sadly.
[Here's a study that found quite good absorption of zinc gluconate and citrate in humans, same sample size, healthy population](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24259556)  [Here's one that found better bioavailibility for zinc gluconate than picolinate - it's the last study that you cited](http://www.fasebj.org/cgi/content/meeting_abstract/22/1_MeetingAbstracts/693.3)  In fact, the studies you cite don't support your conclusion.  They even contradict each other; in the third study, bioavailibility was greater for gluconate than it was for picolinate.  The first study didn't assess acute bioavailibility, but instead looked at changes in concentration in different body parts over a long period of time.  None of your studies' authors concluded that gluconate was poorly absorbed, either.  The closest any of them get is to suggest that glycinate is better absorbed than gluconate.  The studies whose design could actually determine whether gluconate is garbage found evidence to the contrary, while some comparative studies found that glycinate is superior to gluconate (which doesn't mean gluconate sucks - just that glycinate was better).
I like it.  The lack of bass and inclusion of creepy intervals gives it a distinctly 1980's science fiction feel to me.  At times it feels sort of melodramatic (kinda like 1980's sci-fi, haha) because of this, which I would tone down if it were my work.  To do that, I'd probably just pull back the velocity on the creepy sounding notes, but I might also add / lower the hz of the lowpass on the reverb.  You could do a lot with the sub-bass and bass ranges if you wanted to.  I could hear a sub-bass tone pulsing around .5 to 6 hz really easily, which could add a lot of complexity and change over the course of the piece.  I think just adding a continuous sub-bass tone because it ought to be there would be a mistake, though; the drone has a cool sound *from* the lack of bass, I wouldn't give it up without getting something in return.
3
As stated elsewhere in this thread, the research you are considering relates to different parts of the brain from those reported on in this study; this study provides no evidence for your speculations.  I think this demonstrates my point fairly well.  Although it is popular nowadays to believe things about "serotonin levels" and "oxytocin levels" fluctuating in the entire brain, and this causing various affective states, there are no scientific bases for almost any of these ideas.  Even highly generalized neurotransmitter systems like the serotonin system make specific connections in specific areas with differentiated receptor subtypes and functions throughout the brain.  So you can imagine how skeptical a person might be when they read something like  lowered Oxytocin levels highly correlated with behavior patterns of long term stoners  if that person understands that the actual finding always specifies a specific location - and must do so, because oxytocin's role can only be understood in relation to what it is doing and where.
It is!  I am using the board that generates the control signal and midi, and will scavenge the choke in the power supply.  But the rest is available.  I will try to post pictures later today.
I think this is a fair point.  I dismissed the question above as misplace because I honest do not believe that the OP is seeking the kind of answers that would come from an actual philosophical inquiry into the question.  OP wants to know whether people who have had experience X ever end up having experience Y afterward.  That isn't an ideological question - it's an empirical question.  So it seems to me that the kind of answer OP wants - whether this phenomenon occurs or does not - is an answer from science, and not from academic philosophy.
Don't freak out; you probably just need to know a little more Chinese to find the actual dose.  Extremely unlikely that they are selling tabs made of pure melatonin; 500mg is about how much a typical packed 0 capsule weighs.]  Why don't you show us a picture of the rest of the label?
There also used to be a time where police dispensed street justice, beating the shit out of people that talked back or were standing on the wrong corner.  That time is now, and has been for decades.  It just doesn't happen often to the privileged middle class people that make up much of the population of Reddit; they have to actively research to learn about police brutality, instead of it being an ever-present threat in their daily lives.
That's high enough that you should be concerned about single dose neurotoxicity.  If you're set on doing this, you should be certain to keep hydrated and keep yourself from overheating during the experience, and should not dose again with another psychedelic or amphetamine for the following week or so.  I must respectfully disagree with Quasarstoquark's somewhat carefree assessment of the risk.  There is good enough reason to be quite cautious about doses much higher than 100-150mg, and there is no good reason to believe that it is safe to combine MDMA with LSD, or to take it soon after 5-Meo-DiPT.  The stakes are very, very high - acceptable risk should be quite low.
/r/hailcorporate ?
Pshh, you just came here to be cranky. :P
These data indicate that THC toxicity is mediated through CB1 receptors and not caused by nonspecific interactions with the membrane lipid phase... On the basis of the data presented in this study, we conclude that binding of THC to cannabinoid CB1 receptors in hippocampal neurons leads to neuronal death.  To be fair, this excerpt refers to an experiment in which cells in a dish were bathed in a solution containing ~10x the THC concentration in human blood after typical cannabis use, according to the paper itself.  And the effect is blocked entirely by a CB1 antagonist - a finding that should extend to other CB1 antagonists such as CBD.
I think this is a great response.  But I would also like to add that you may find it much easier to explore these things if you found a more comfortable and supportive environment in which to use psychedelics.  In my experience, psychedelic experiences of fear are often heavily influenced by my state of mind and the setting I'm in, even if they are also a part of an existential crisis of some sort.  I've found it much easier to relax with these deep fears when I'm in a good setting and mindset.
Yes, those are all fair points.  I find this interesting, in particular:  5-10 years down the line Bitcoin could be a million a coin. Or it could be zero. Who knows.  My understanding is that there are many commodities that offer a much more predictable return.  There are also many other potential tech investments with an uncertain fate.  If your goal is profit, investing heavily in Bitcoin makes little sense.  Bitcoin is not special in this regard; it is a risky investment that has its place, but should not be expected to pay off huge just because it possibly could.
Huh...well, good luck with that.  I don't think you understand how science actually works; it's not a process of deriving new truths from old truths by thinking about it.  It's an empirical discipline; ideas about what might be true are generated by thinking about things, *and then tested in the real world to produce scientific findings*.  I read you drawing many conclusions on the basis of your own sense of how thing seem, or ought to be in your view; this kind of process is only tangentially if at all related to science and isn't a reliable means of producing knowledge.  The study of cannabis is about as confusing as the study of any drug or collection of drugs - it's a very complex, but ultimately straightforward and well established science.  It doesn't require guesswork or speculation.  You can go read the studies and learn things about what THC and other cannabinoids do in the brain, and you can come up with new hypotheses that could be tested as well.  But you can't decide that THC doesn't inflame the hippocampus - it does!  You can't just decide that THC doesn't cause memory impairments - because it does!  These are well established facts.  There's nothing confusing or ambiguous about them.
If the point is that you can't blame people for not knowing what will be  My point is more that we don't know.  You don't know; I don't know.  It's possible that things will turn out similarly to the way you've imagined in this thread; it's possible that things will turn out similarly to the way I've imagined in this thread.  It's probable that in hindsight, it'd look as though neither of us had a clue.  I wrote what I wrote not because I think X is true and just have to tell everybody; I wrote it because I saw perspectives expressed with a fair degree of certainty that couldn't accommodate what seems like a reasonably likely outcome to me.
I guess you've abandoned the claim that 3rd world labor exploitation is a problem with non-capitalist 3rd world governments, and isn't a fault of capitalist systems and firms. :P  ...  You've offered several ideas about how to keep capitalism and lose exploitation of labor from poorer countries.  Imposing a minimum wage on foreign labor sounds like a great way to drive innovation in robotics and artificial intelligence, which would certainly reduce exploitation of labor forces.  I doubt that it could ever pass in a country committed to capitalism and democracy, though.  Just imagine an American Congressperson introducing such legislation!  It'd be political suicide; their capital-holding supporters would withdraw their financial and mainstream media support and pour millions into pro-exploitation opponents in the next election.
Most of this is not true; you seem to have false beliefs about what we know about prehistoric humans.  We don't know that prehistoric humans had single leaders.  We don't know that they lived in small, scattered groups; there is some evidence that they lived in small family groups during some periods, but we certainly don't know. We have no reason whatsoever to believe that they lacked complex emotions *or language*, nor that they were any less rational than humans are today (unless you go back to other *species* with a smaller brains; farther than the time you're talking about).  Where you getting these ideas?  Has some great scientific discovery been made of which I am ignorant?
This is an edited extract from an essay first published at dobelli.com. The Art of Thinking Clearly: Better Thinking, Better Decisions by Rolf Dobelli  It's ironic for the Guardian to republish an extract of this essay, but it's not a news piece.  Did you read it?  It's quite obviously an analytic essay, which is about as far from news copy as you can get without being a novel.
It's no refutation to simply claim that an argument is baseless, its author a moron, and so on.  You would benefit from a [basic education in common errors in reasoning](http://i.imgur.com/OOA8QzF.jpg).  Most of your replies contain at least one - all of which can be found on the linked poster!  If you truly believe that any specific statement in the article was false, you could do yourselves and us a service by attempting to refute it.  Go ahead - find a line or reasoning in the article with a conclusion that you believe doesn't follow, quote it here, and then show why it's wrong.
Come on!  I am not arrogant and I'm not a troll.  I'm trying to get you to engage in debate, which is the purpose of this sub.  Debate can only happen when at least two people agree to engage in rational discourse.  When you reply to my postings only to insult me or to pretend that I've said one thing when in fact I said another, no debate can occur.  Which is a bummer, because debate is excellent!  That is why I keep suggesting that you address the logic, the reason.  You know things that I don't know.  I know things that you don't know.  I could be wrong about everything I've claimed in this thread!  I don't know yet because nobody has attempted to refute me.