I'm really liking the STI Detonics gun, as well. It seems reliable, it's got a steel frame (which I think is better for a variety of reasons) and the look of the things just screams "this is an American handgun." I would love to see it make the cut, but we all know that the M9 will once again remain just out of sheer stubbornness.
That's my feeling. I, too, am a white male from the South; albeit not especially conservative. To me the flag represents the army that many of my ancestors served and a lot of positive aspects of Southern culture - the Dukes of Hazzard and Lynyrd Skynyrd, for example. That said, it was used by an army that propped up a racist regime and therefore has no place in any setting funded by tax dollars or wherein the functions of government might occur. I can completely understand how it makes black people uncomfortable. What the South needs is a new flag.
I'm pretty sure it would fall under soul. It was in commercials a few months or maybe years ago. It's been stuck in my head for ages, and although asking Reddit to identify a song based on a half remembered snippet with no lyrics relayed entirely in whistles, it's probably the best shot I've got.
Duly noted! Thanks!
Downington is actually really close to me. I might do just that.
Ah. I wasn't getting uppity. I suppose I was being defensive because I thought you were being a bit too persistent in posting that. And I didn't mean to imply that you'd posted it twice in the comments. Poor wording on my part, terribly sorry. Rereading that, I did come off as terribly defensive, didn't I?   Now, as an artistic decision, I defend what I did; but I can also see some merit in what you're saying as well.   As for the window, I had also picked up on that. I wonder if I shouldn't start tweaking things more before I read them?
I remember back in my day. Shit was coming unchained all the time. It was a real issue. Then Sir Thomas P. Shitchainner invented the un-offable chain and the rest, as they say, is history.
conquering  You don't seem to be fimiliar with the history of the region. Most of the people there are ethnically Russian, everybody speaks Russian, and nobody there likes Kiev. It was only ever made Ukrainian for the administrative convenience of the GOSPLAN of the Central Soviet. Since there is no Central Soviet anymore, there's no reason for it to belong to the Ukraine. As a Ukrainian Crimea makes little sense and people living on Crimea are Russian, to call Crimea conquered is pandering to Kiev's perspective.
You're absolutely right. Why it isn't reflected in more maps is beyond me.
Let's see. I haven't got a really long list, as I've only lived here for about half a month, but I really enjoy the Lunchbox. Their coffee is great. Gemelli has some pretty good coffee, too. Neither of these places is about coffee, however. I still need to try Fennarios. Perhaps that will be my next stop.   As for what becomes of the old court annex, a park would be great. I'd also like to see it become another store - perhaps offering antiques or men's clothing.
All the more reason to stay the fuck out of Mississippi.
It seems to me that if you want someone to go away, writing SJ baiting outrage pieces only gives your target more noteriety. I and a lot of other people here hadn't even heard of Beer Wench until now. Sex sells, and if she wants to use the old bar wench trope to promote herself, it flies in the face of equality to tell her she can't.
21 days ago  Talk about a blast from the past. On a fairly large subreddit. Why'd you dig this up?  Anyway, I'm not talking about blood sport. I'm talking about the public seeing a function of the state. We open court trials, after all. This is a similar principal.   Anyway, I'm on my phone and can't type my full thoughts on the matter.
Holy shit that one was good. I think it could be expanded upon.
Yeah, I work self checkout. I never listen to the damned things. The voice on the machines just turns into a loud, continuous droning after a while. It's dreadful.
In that same vein, /r/Sharktits.
I'm going to share that one with him. It'll amuse the hell out of him, I'm sure.
There was anti-black sentiment everywhere. Still is. The South is just a lot easier to pin it on because it was much, much more visible here and because the Klan was founded here and lingered here a bit longer than it did in the Northeast. That's not to say that the north was free of racism, however. You've seen [this](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lynching#/media/File:ThomasShippAbramSmith.jpg) famous picture of a lynching, right? Marion, Indiana. 1930.   Further, Martin Luther King, Jr led a famous march against housing discrimination (again, the main form it seems that non-Southern racism seemed to take) in Chicago, delivering this quote:  "Northern blacks were forced to live in a white man's democracy, and while not legally enslaved, subject to definition by their race. In their all-black communities, they continued to build their own churches and schools and to develop vigilance committees to protect members of the black community from hostility and violence."  [Here is a Wikipedia citation that has further examples of yankee racism.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Racial_segregation_in_the_United_States#In_the_North)  Now, again, publicly overt racism did linger a while longer in the South and persists still today in many parts south of the Mason-Dixon. However, the stereotyping of the South as the only racist region of the US is tremendously unfair to the region and all that we've done to bury these outmoded social mores.  I'd like to wager that we've come a long way, at least in my home state of Georgia. We've had black mayors in Atlanta for many years, black politicians elsewhere in the state, many of our wealthy and famous citizens are black, and we also sort of gave the world Martin Luther King, Jr.   But this is all with somewhat scant research and just based off of conversations I've had with my grandparents about the era. While my expertise is history, I tend not to study social forces and racial dynamics as much as I study military history (principally of the US as a whole, the South, and Europe), so I will freely admit that I've got some details wrong. Therefore, you shouldn't consider this authoritative by any means. After all, I don't consider the Confederate battle flag by itself to be an evil thing and many take umbrage with that. (Note: the Confederate *national* flag is another matter and we really made a step backwards in Georgia by replacing our old flag with that.) That's another discussion, however, and I'm willing to bet that my premise of widespread racism is still quite certainly sound.    Ninja edit: wow, that ended up being a longer rant than I thought it would be.
Just another day. I've been on it since yesterday. It's not some sort of religious thing or anything, but my girlfriend is out of town and my own cooking is sufficient to make Chef Excellence himself retch, so I decided to see it as an opportunity to test myself and save the money that would ordinarily go to takeout for more constructive things.
We should give her a euphemism for a dash of the ol' damnatio memoriae. BW is a good jumping off point. I vote Butt Wipe. Anybody got anything better?
"Sorry, dude." Never has a simple phrase been so infuriating. I'd have taken a bat to his face and irradiated his testicles if I was you.
It sure seems to be a contest, the way some tumblrs tack on as many acronyms as they can to avoid it.   Anyway, living in the rural south, I have to wonder: what use is a shaky, ill defined concept to me if it does nothing to help the people around me and makes everyone feel terrible and guilty? I could make the leap across the chasm of illogical stupidity if it at least helped the people around me.
Well, looks like I've got some reading to do. I agree with you in the functioning of militaries in the modern world, as well. Sadly, armed forces are more often sink pits for surplus population and wealth that could be much better used in much better pursuits. This is not unique to the DPRK. The US does it, most European nations do it. Sure, there's military actions in these states, but it's often to the ends of amoral puppet masters and not to the ends of the national interest. Rather like the DPRK, though in a grander scale and different guise.
Well, eventually a conservative faction of real Mandos shows up to bust heads and set shit right, but it still seemed really forced and contrived.  Also, as mentioned, the art style of the show was really bad to me. I would have LOVED it if they had kept the Tartakovsky Clone Wars' style and knocked it out in Flash or something. I don't know why it bothered me so much.
He ended it after it was stabbed in the back and the questionably legal [Belavezha Accords](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belavezha_Accords) made continuing the Soviet Union an impossible prospect, yes. Note that the signatories of this pact were traitors acting in their own interests. The majority of citizens in Byelorussia, the Ukraine, Russia and in many other SSRs were actually quite in favor of continuing the Soviet Union. I've no doubt the world would be better off if it were still around. It would have saved everyone a lot of suffering and bloodshed, for sure.
The Tripod aliens in War of the Worlds (2005) aren't really here to conquer Earth. (spoilers)   In the 2005 film adaptation, I believe the original intent of the book has been altered somewhat. When we first see a tripod, a tremendous noise is heard emanating from its carapace. I believe this to be the flatulence of the alien pilots, who have left their homeworld to pass wind in order to be polite. I have evidence to back up my theory.  1. The plants: these aren't for terraforming, as one might think. The aliens just have bad hygeine and the mushrooms that grow in their bathrooms left spores that follow them to Earth.  2. The fact that everyone is screaming and running away. I don't know about you, but I'd love to hang out with a giant alien robot... unless it was farting.  My final evidence is the most important fact on which this theory hinges. At the end, all the tripods collapse and the aliens within fall out and die. To me, this clearly shows that their own fumes were so noxious that it killed them.  I'll take my internet points, now.
TIL that Atlanta might have been mentioned in Fallout. We get to live, guys! As ghouls!
TIL that Death Note's L was on Battlestar Galactica.
Dear Zombit, while looking through my menagerie of DragonCon photos, I found one you might enjoy.
We've won the battle... (COICA update!)
I AmA paraplegic 19 year old with too much free time. Ask me anything! IAmA   I am 19, live in the Deep South, am a sworn enemy of Scientology and have only one leg... and it doesn't work! I'm generally pretty upbeat about life, am getting my degree and am now here to answer the insatiable curiosity of Reddit.  EDIT: Thanks for all of the questions! I'm really glad I did this.
Why is this site so anti-US Military?   It's just... the whole site seems to have a rather anti-US military stance. Has anyone ever considered what would happen if we hadn't bailed out the world in WWII? Or if we hadn't collapsed the Soviets? Or if we weren't cleaning up the terrorist filth? It's ugly work, and the methods are somewhat cruel, but the ends justify the means. Always.  As I await the inevitable shitstorm that is to follow my comparatively radical world view, I ask you to consider a world where the Nazis won WWII, where the Soviet Union never collapsed or perhaps a world where Islamic Fascism reigns supreme and everyone is subject to Shari'a law. Imagine a world without the US military and it's means and methods... It's not pleasant. You need us, world. More than you could possibly know.  Thank you for your time.