[An unusual coalition of establishment Democrats like Ron Wyden (D-OR) and Republicans like Marco Rubio (R-FL) formed to support the bil] (http://thinkprogress.org/election/2015/06/23/3672902/president-obamas-massive-free-trade-deal-advances-senate/)
[It's not that subjective] (https://bouldercolorado.gov/newsroom/best-of-boulder-community-honors).  The past decade was fallout of the sexual assault allegations, no names were ever named and nothing criminal ever became of it. The school cracked down on recruit visits so CU didn't get good recruits. The last AD didn't care about sports so he let everything get out dated. Then comes Rick George who makes it a priority. The future is bright for CU football. I could list a million changes and reasons but you've got your mind made up
You forgot cheese curds
[My thought] (https://pbs.twimg.com/media/BEr93spCEAAdjQu.jpg:large)
Reddit is not your friend on this. Head to /r/conservative /r/politicaldiscussion and /r/neutralpolitics if you want any peace
Verdict reached in Aurora theater shooting trial
Normal HR, RR, o2 sat, and glucose. No signs of trauma, AOx4, can walk with minimal assistance, no medications that would enhance effects of alcohol, able to protect airway, hasn't lost control of bodily fluids, has someone to get them home or be with them for a few hours.   We get patient info, check off the boxes, have them sign it (as a contact form) and off they go.
Reminder- Colorado alumni team plays in The Basketball Tournament at 11am   Preview: Beau Gamble, a former walk-on at Colorado, put together this alumni team to band together different eras of Buffaloes basketball. Gamble was able to get at least two alums at each position, including small forward Richard Roby, the programs all-time leading scorer. Colorado should have 9+ players in LA for the first weekend, and with all coming from the same system, itll end up being a tough out for Team 23.  Steam- thetournament.com  CORRECTION- 1145 MT
Results  http://bsndenver.com/poll-results-what-uniforms-do-buffs-fans-want-to-see/
I love it. Lots of BS but I'm not in a cubicle, I work with my hands, and get to see some crazy cool stuff
Completely unbiased here.  The Nebraska common opponent doesn't work here. CU played in Lincoln, GT played neutral field.  I'll keep my overall argument simple, all voters knew about the 5th down and clipping call. That is the biggest arguments against Colorado but don't hold much ground when voters knew about it. Colorado only lost the coaches poll by 1 vote. They won the AP by very many votes. Colorado had a harder SOS as many other people here will discuss. If we emphasize conference play then Colorado wins at a perfect record where as GT tied North Carolina.   Edit- for SOS Colorado played 7 rated opponents to GT's 3.
No. Colorado is way better off in the pac. Have you heard how fucked the big 12 is? The pac south is the hardest division in college football. Put Colorado in the north and they go 500. Did you watch any games last season? We completely out gained ASU, multiple overtime against Cal, would have won against UCLA if sefo spiked the ball at the end of the first half but instead lost in over time. We have 4-5 games decided by one possession.  Can't wait to visit the big house next season, we won't even need a miracle this time.
Meanwhile the bucks have playoff team with an average age in the mid 20s.  NHL is considering Milwaukee for an NHL team.  A new stadium would do nothing but good for Milwaukee. Everyone is way too focused on the bucks. It's ok to fund a baseball stadium for a shitty team but funding a facility for diverse entertainment is a no go. There's a reason Milwaukee and Wisconsin are behind, everyone is stuck in the past and resistant to any modernization
Must be an old review for Colorado, they brought back beer gardens last year. This year we have a brand new rooftop terrace on top of the new addition.  [Tickets to the rooftop sold out in hours] (http://bsndenver.com/around-the-herd-7715-shouting-from-the-rooftop/)   I was hoping the review would be something more along the lines of it being hard to breathe, and not because of excitement   Edit- not a one star review but I enjoyed this one  "If you judge a stadium by how good the football team is, then Folsom Field will not be the place for you."
No gun? Shit better grab my knife.  Why do you think most murders are in poor and urban areas? It's culture.  [A 2001 study looked specifically at 34 adolescent mass murderers, all male. 70 percent were described as a loner. 61.5 percent had problems with substance abuse. 48 percent had preoccupations with weapons; 43.5 percent had been victims of bullying. Only 23 percent had a documented psychiatric history of any kindwhich means three out of four did not.] (http://www.psmag.com/health-and-behavior/actually-know-connections-mental-illness-mass-shootings-gun-violence-83103). Do a little research instead of believing everything the mainstream press tells you.
I have a hard time believing that will come up with the [$400 billion] (http://www.quora.com/What-is-the-total-amount-spent-per-year-on-university-tuition-in-the-United-States) needed. Plus, people will find a way around it. People will follow the path of least resistance. I won't even get into the other consequences of free college because that's not what this posts is about
We did, and Cross Country
Are you in the Boulder area? Those tickets will be "harder" to come by. I say harder because season ticket holders and students won't be giving up their tickets, USC has a huge alumni base in Colorado, and Oregon has random fans everywhere.  Best advice, don't get tickets in the visitors area, those are the worst seats in the stadium. I would just go to the Folsom box office web page and buy tickets before season starts. Sure you could get some scalped tickets a few days before the game but the could be more expensive.
No we don't.
Wisconsin Governor Walker signs bill banning microbeads
[he's an amazing writer too] (http://nytlive.nytimes.com/womenintheworld/2015/05/29/can-you-tell-if-these-passages-are-from-bernie-sanders-weird-1972-short-story-or-fifty-shades-of-grey/)
Fellow tall, I've put on 30lbs in 6 months. A good amount is fat but I was so skinny I didn't care. I'm not even skinny fat so the weight looks good. Just lift a lot and eat a lot, worry about muscle tone later unless you get a huge gut
Colorado
According to a projection from the non-partisan Tax Policy Center, the top 1 percent of Americans will pay 45.7 percent of the individual income taxes in 2014up from 43 percent in 2013 and 40 percent in 2012 (the oldest period available).  http://www.cnbc.com/id/102581780
Winter snow accumulation? Well you've never been to Boulder. It snows one day and is gone the next. Unless it's been cold for days before snowing then the snow will just melt right off the panels on contact
TIL how it was made.  It would be very odd if a candidate didn't use red white and blue. Obama's campaign stood out because he was a younger guy with great marketing
Colorado facilities update: big progress
Facilities update
Colorado signs two European recruits
Jaron Hopkins leaving Colorado
Why I love Tad Boyle- calls his team overrated
Please photograph for me   I have a camera but it can't do night scenes very well.  I would love a picture of the flagstaff star with Venus (which is very bright the next few days) and maybe even the moon in the shot.  I'm sure any photographers reading this may think it could make a great shot. Maybe with CU or any other boulder landmarks as well.  Anyone willing to take the shot and post it?