Ousted Egyptian president Morsi sentenced to 20 years in prison
I have Netflix and Sling TV and I'm very happy with both.  I have plenty of movies and tv when I want it for less than $30 a month.  I don't really need anything else.
Obama deepens sanctions on Venezuela
Iraq launches offensive to take back Tikrit from ISIL
Egypt says it bombed ISIS targets in Libya after killings of Christians
I'm late fifties worrying about nothing and enjoying this fine bottle of Pinot Noir tonight.  You kids shouldn't worry so much about your bills.  They'll get paid, one way or another,  Worry about the man or woman you're sharing your life with, if you have one.  If you don't have one, get a dog.  Or a cat. Or something that's alive and needs you.  Just be glad for this moment, this very minute you're alive.  It's fucking glorious, man.  So many people didn't wake up this morning, but you did.  Worry only gets you high blood pressure and long-term drug dependence, problems with loved ones, intestinal issues and surgery for bleeding ulcers.  Choose to be happy no matter your present conditions.  Go listen to some Pink Floyd and have a nice glass of wine with a friend.  Or alone, either way.  Life is good and it's good to be here on this Earth with all its' beauty and nice clean air and water.  Plus!, we have the benefit of Mexican food.  Holy hell,  we don't need anything else to be happy, unless it's a good blackberry margarita outside under the big umbrella with some fabulous Mexican food.  Life is so good.  I'm so glad I have it.  I might be a fucking hippie in my mind though, so there  is that.
I had a horse when I was a kid, a gelding.  Silly thing would fight the dog for leftovers (especially spaghetti) and tried several times to come into the house through the back door.  He could drink Pepsi from a bottle and hardly spill a drop.  He also bit me when I wanted to go left and he wanted to go right.  He bucked my sister off into a ditch filled with tadpoles and she came up with green slimey hair and tadpoles dripping off her face.  I gave him a treat for that one. He was a boss.
A declaration of martial law would change things drastically.  There are far more people opposed to the very concept of this than you can imagine.  Some authorities would be very surprised at the response they would get.  This country is heavily armed, by good guys as well as bad guys.  If I was in government I wouldn't want to give them all a reason to unite against me.  100 million people united in a cause could make serious changes to their status quo.
I'm not Prufrock, I just subscribed to the subreddit.  Here's the teaser someone made for it: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwXfE-6hwoI
/r/AskHistorians, /r/AskScience and /r/fullmoviesonyoutube.
You're so tense for a teenager.  Go to college and learn how to interpret results and how to make friends.  Let us know how that goes.
Put some pretty food pics in the local newspaper.  Browse /r/FoodPorn for good ideas.  I want to go somewhere and spend my money for people to cook beautiful, tasty, makes-me-want-to-eat-it-right-this-minute food.
Don't delete her, she can still be your friend.  Speak to her when you run into her, but don't search her out.  Be cordial, be cool but don't act like you're all that into her.  Keep your options open and keep looking.
SUVs would be like mothers; always correcting people, but there when you need them.
I'd see a medical doctor to find out if there is some physical reason for this.  I think I'd want to see a brain scan done if I was having these issues, just to make sure there's nothing physically wrong.
What more do you want?  They've already confirmed suspicions; it's a base for testing top-secret aircraft and weaponry.  You want UFO's, but  what if it was nothing more than some type of spycraft from a different country trying to gather intel?  There won't be any alien presence disclosed because they do not exist.
I've never run into anyone who thought someone else was a demon, let alone call them one.  How offensive were you to them, exactly?
Nope, not me, sorry.  I can't tell you that.
I'd explain the situation to the customer and why I can't take any action at this time, take down all pertinent information so that I could get on it first thing Monday morning. Then I'd follow through on my word on Monday.
/r/videos   /r/youtube   /r/fullmoviesonyoutube   /r/documentaries  uncabled subreddits - http://www.reddit.com/me/m/uncabled  /r/movies
No way, I don't want to be burned up.
That depends on who you ask.  I'm not for or against the man, but I believe he's reneged on many promises and expectations he cultivated for himself to get support.  He seems to be more pro-govt. and corporations than he is pro-Americans.  He promised an open presidency and whistleblower protections, among other things, only to have gone back on these promises.  Here's a 6 page list of the broken promises he's made:  http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/promises/obameter/rulings/promise-broken/
Perhaps you haven't been on reddit long enough to know how unsecure these user names really are. I'd post the gawker article, but it's banned from reddit, so here's an example for you:  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Brutsch
The variety of info I can access.  From the mundane to the outrageous, I can find interesting things to keep my attention.  I learn in some, laugh at some and share bits and pieces of life with people I'll never meet.  I read the news here first, see the pulse of politics from all sides, read science, history and technology articles and never miss the latest videos, films and documentaries.  This site gives me something to think and talk about every day.
These few words have become a major statement on human rights and  have been called "the most potent and consequential words in American history."  We're different, but equal in importance in our own right to pursue safety, happiness and our own well-being.   We are born equal. Society and personal agendas, not self-evident truth, changes and perverts that.
Nah, it'll get here soon enough on it's own, whether I want it to or not.
Giardiniera has veggies and garlic where this this spread does not.  It's more or less just red and green pickled peppers chopped up into small pieces.  It's delicious.
My vote goes to the [Obama and Putin meeting](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02637/obama-putin_2637988b.jpg).
Stop reading the news.  Just stop yourself from receiving all the negative input that we're bombarded with every single day.  It can become overwhelming.  Take a vacation from it.  Knowing all the bad things going on in the world serves no practical use in our everyday lives.  Put yourself to some good use. Volunteer somewhere, take a class at college just because you like the subject. I don't know, just do some things that you enjoy.  Now, about death; it doesn't matter that we're all going to come to the end of this existence, what matters is that you're here now and you got the opportunity to live, love, do, go and just be.
No one can tell you whether or not you'll bond with your child.  You either want to, or you don't, it's that simple.  You're making it out to be some grand thing that no one has ever gone through before and is some great compromise you're making.  Stop it.  It's a new human being you're bringing to life and it's made from you. It's the greatest gift there is to give and is the only lasting contribution you'll probably ever make.  It's an investment in your own future.  If you don't want to end up a lonely old man you'll consider what things you'll want and will make you happy throughout your life.  For most people, it's the happiness that love and family bring.  If that isn't for you, let your wife find it elsewhere.
Ok reddit , the PowerBall lottery is up to $320 million, lump sum payoff of $213.3 million.  What would you do with it if you won?   First thing I'd do is hire a good attorney and disappear for a while.  I don't think I'd tell anyone I'd won or where I was.  How about you?
What's your top local news story today?   The top headline in my local paper is about a 22 year old who rear-ended a truck on a high-rise bridge.  The impact pushed the truck off into the river killing the driver.  The police found a crack pipe in the 22 year olds' car.