Your not alone. Recently I've been thinking of dropping Reddit and this just kind of affirmed my decision. Blacking out and choosing who gets to be a part of major subs goes against what Reddit is about. IMO it's also a little elitist. This whole blackout and random uninformed people jumping on the bandwagon just proves to me there is a sheep mentality even here, it's just better disguised.
I really don't think you need the springer seat, it's going to raise you up and you may feel less stable.  Plenty of old school bobber go straight rigid seats,  reference any indian larry bike
Me Too!
I just did actually last week, it's worth it though, just for the peace of mind.  I've had to replace a few of the motorsport plastic housings and got tires of it.  This go around yesterday was actually the water pump.  Took the thermostat housing off for easier access and to replace the hose that connects the two as well.  Edit.  Just for clarity it's an '06 4.0. Later this week I'm replacing all 4 shocks.
Be upfront and honest before hand.  Do what's natural.  Don't over think anything.  Sometimes don't think at all.  Have fun.  Be respectful.  Don't hurt yourself or anyone else. That's what I got for ya.
Former employee here.  There was an incredibly generous side to him.  I had both seen and experienced first hand.  There was the dark side though.  I'm surprised the article didn't mention the sexual harassment lawsuit of 2010 and hardly mentioned the pending lawsuit coming this summer.  After certain interactions with him, I came to realize a lawsuit was one of his greatest fears (I still don't know why specifically)  What really dissapointed me I'd he really didn't know limitations and was master of reinvention.  If he had lost this lawsuit, I'd bet he'd be the person that could lay low for a while and rebuild a new empire later.
If you want to spend A LOT of time working on it and A LOT of money in machine shops to get proper parts made go for it, go for it.  I know this is absolute heresy in this sub, and I may be casted to HD Down vote hell, but a mid 70's Honda CB750 may be a better project bike if that's the style and era you're going for.
Agreed, the guy's an arrogant drunk.  No matter what this situation is of a Dallas sports team, his comments are always patronizing or condescending.   As far as his public opinions, all he's doing is taking the popular high road.  None of his thoughts are ground breaking.  I agree with him most of the time, but he's such an ass I hate to admit it.
Please dear God let this be.  If this is a April fools joke or satire site I'll kick somebody's ass I tell you what.
I dont know, don't really care, got the info I needed
My physical trainer had me do something like that.  The laws of physics were a little tougher on me.
Oh, thanks
Well I think it's gotten better. I think towards the beginning of cougar town she went overboard on the facelifts, her skin was frighteningly tight and unnatural.  I've seen her recently and she looking great.  True she's not the perky fox she once was, I'm just more for a more natural graceful aging, such as stated above with Jennifer Aniston
Any healthy weight loss is a victory.  Keep up the healthy lifestyle
Had an ass h-whipping of a night behind the bar, so I finished it with this bad boy.
My mom used to do that with chicken, broccoli, and cheddar.  I never would have thought to make a sandwich with out of it.  Awesome
I've been in the craft beer business for a while.  I even worked for a brewery in Dallas for a few years.  The most aggravating thing was I had no coworkers who could just chill the f*"!k out on good, normal, well made craft beer.  Everyone had to have the biggest, rarest, most elaborate beer to find.  I love craft beer, and the industry.  Not everyone is a hipster, but unfortunately, they're there.
Thanks, it's date night so I'll be spending a good amount of time tomorrow on this
Who?
Glad I could help. Merry Christmas (if you celebrate something else, Happy That)
Wow, going through the most recent events  in my life.  EAP is so correct
My story is a little odd but fitting.  I apparently had a sleep walking problem I never knew about until one particular night my junior year (maybe senior I can't remember) of high school.    I woke up, shaving, in the shower.  I normally shaved in the shower to save time.  Half of my face was cleanly shaven, no Knicks or, finished my shower and dried off.  I realized I had no idea what time it was so I hurried.  I saw that it was 1:00 and freaked out thinking I over slept by hours and was afraid of getting in trouble.  I jumped into my clothes, grabbed my back pack and ran out the door.  It was dark out.  1am.  But hey, at least I was already dressed and shaved for the day.
I really didn't intend it to be that.  I grew up Catholic and my dad's step mother had that same type of voice just not as strong.  Everyone I hear Katy Sagal sing it just take me to that memory
I'm personally not taking too much stock in Sutter stating that 2 sons die.  It's possible, but seeing that Sutter likes to go the opposite direction in big episodes from what people think he'll do.....  I think saying that could have been a misdirection.   Plus, if it is true, Nero isn't a Son, neither is Gemma, the death toll could be far greater in the last 5 episode.  Plenty of time for folks to die.
Sitting in a bar first Sunday of the season, with a bunch of friends who are fantasy football fanatics, and I'm not a football fan
The Josh Hamilton Suite at Sherlock's Dallas (x/ Dallas)
Yeah, I've been into Neil Young for a while.  29 years old and have been into his stuff since early high school, very cool pic, thanks for sharing it
Spot on and very beautiful, glad you got to live it up!
Thanks for the lead, but it looks like they only deal in metric.  I have friends into cb750 rebuilds, will forward them here.
6 days a weeks I just wash it in the shower with soap with the rest of my face.  Saturday mornings I have a ritual of shampooing and conditioning with American Crew, it leaves it very soft,  I have a more curly facial hair type.
Here's a good place to order online: http://www.viennabeef.com/  I know how it feels.  I used to live in the East Village.  Have the Hot Doug's tattoo on my shin and everything.  I have not found a place yet though, but Angry Dog in Deep Ellum is supposed to be really good too.
Go for a small dice and when you sautee your mire poix go for a darker carmelization (careful not to burn)  You should get a sweeter taste.  I like to use this in my marinare and pizza sauce.  2 carrots, 2 stalks of celery and 1 onion, 2 garlic cloves 1/2 cup olive oil, 2 16 oz cans of tomato puree and 1 small can of dice tomatoes.  Simmer the mire poix and garlic, add tomatoes and cook out for 2 hours, season.  For marinara leave be, for pizza sauce blend.  Pretty tasty, and if you blend she'll never know it's there.