For about 6 years now, I haven't gone more than a week without seeing Backwards Bike Riding Baton Blackman in my local parking lot.
I love Smarter Every Day! How did you start doing your show, and how did you get access to so many fantastic facilities?
This is kind of haunting. Watching this toy makes me realize how immense the real one was...and how there are still people in the rooms.
I posted this at like 3 am last night but thought more people would see it if I deleted and reposted during the day. So you're right.
Is it possible for someone [19F] to become addicted to my [19M] orgasms? [3 months]
Eating biscuits and gravy covered in mustard changed the way i looked at both individually. Imagine.
Oh shit! Now I have to clean my closet to look for them :c
If me creating an earth in my head and imagining life on that planet is the same as us existing, do the people I gave free will to in my brain fall out of existence as soon as I think of something else? Are we just waiting for someone to forget about us?
Donald Dies in the TRAILER of The Lazarus Effect!   Not only do they kill him off, they show it in the TRAILER!! Olivia Wilde throws him into a metal cabinet and you hear him screaming as it bends inward, then Even Peters is seen later begging to know what happened to Niko, Donald's character. I don't know why Hollywood feels the need to kill off black characters first, but this time it hits a little too close to home. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90GKwd10KRc
When I was 14, I was at Long John Silver's for the first time and had been checking out a high school girl in a small black skirt for 10 or so minutes. When her and her friends got up to leave, she leaned over facing away from me to show she WASN'T WEARING UNDERWEAR. LJS's has never been the same for me.  EDIT: This story seems fake even in my own memory.
Mixed Feelings on Brixton Sew Cap Snapback   http://www.brixton.com/brixton-products/brixton-mens/brixton-mens-headwear/snapbacks/cavern.html  I was really into this snapback since my friend has a Brixton snapback I've worn and loved, but I scrolled to the right and saw how it fit that model's head and was swayed away from it. I'm a low budget college kid just trying to look good, i'm usually in loose cardigans and tees with skinnies but I think a hat like this will really pull the look together. So my question is, do any of you have any knowledge with this type of hat? What color would look good with a darker palate?
See, I don't get it either. Maybe I've just known of her for too long. I didn't think she was hot when she was 14 and she still reminds me of Jackie.
Hey Michael!   I've read that many of the scenes from Dexter had little improvisations you put into them, were there any memorable instances where the directors told you you went too far with yourself and crossed the line between Dexter and you?   Also are John Lithgow's eyes less creepy in person?
I've always imagined closed-off hollow mushrooms like this would hold some type of hallucigenic air inside
Hehehe there's a dick on your dog's forehead
Read curry 3
Then who was phone?
The waffle on the fork isn't from the waffle on the plate
Season 5 still had the original Dan Harmon feel to it... Now we only have Jeff, Abed, Britta and Annie left.
Hehehe he thinks he's people
Decorative fruit
BONESAW IS READYYY
"Chaos... reigns."
Fuck that shit
Ya heard, with Perd. I'm Perd Hapley.
I can feel them on me!
You're not my fucking mother!
How come when a cat walkes over the orange cat, it acts like its totally cool, but when I touch its paws ONCE, it runs and hides for 3 hours?
Baby cloud
They sure dress up nice
I can't think of willem dafoe the same after seeing his dick and balls in Antichrist
Chicle yum