It's the source's headline. I did post   link the nature.com article as well, in addition to saying outright "The money-man is apparently Yuri Milner" someplace in here:)  http://www.nature.com/news/search-for-extraterrestrial-intelligence-gets-a-100-million-boost-1.18016?WT.mc_id=TWT_NatureNews
lol! also:   The results belong to everyone equally, says Milner, adding that transparency is particularly important in a project searching for aliens because there are so many conspiracy theorists.  He also plans a Breakthrough Message competition  offering a $1-million pool of prize money  to construct a digital message to transmit to potential extraterrestrials (though there is no commitment to sending out the message)."  from http://www.nature.com/news/search-for-extraterrestrial-intelligence-gets-a-100-million-boost-1.18016?WT.mc_id=TWT_NatureNews  EDIT to add:  http://setiathome.berkeley.edu/index.php   (yes! There is a team Reddit)
Cuba Raises Flag at Embassy in US
"CAMP DAVID, Md.  President Obama on Thursday offered Saudi Arabia and smaller states in the Arab world new defenses against potential missile attacks and maritime and cyberthreats from Iran, an effort to allay their fears that a nuclear accord with Tehran will empower their main rival in the Middle East.  But in a daylong meeting here, Mr. Obama stopped short of offering a formal defense pact that would obligate the United States to come to the nations aid if they were attacked."  Different Source: http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/05/obama-holds-security-talks-gulf-arab-leaders-150514170745879.html
"An unseasonably cold storm will bring a blanket of snow to Southern Californias mountains Thursday while foothill residents in Los Angeles and Ventura counties could be in for potential mud and debris flows, the National Weather Service said."  There is a potential for isolated thunderstorms with dangerous lightning, small hail, gusty erratic winds, and isolated water spouts, a statement from the weather service said.
MANILA, Philippines (AP)  A Philippine volcano has spewed ash for the second time in less than a week but there were no signs of any imminent violent eruption, the country's chief volcano expert said Thursday.  Mount Bulusan in Sorsogon province southeast of Manila ejected ash 250 meters (825 feet) above the 1,565-meter (5,165-foot) volcano late Wednesday, said Renato Solidum, director of the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology.  The agency asked local officials to keep people away from a 4-kilometer (2.5-mile) hazardous zone around the crater, he said. He said aircraft should not fly close to the mountain to avoid any sudden explosions and ash clouds.  Solidum said the explosion was due to ground water coming into contact with hot rocks and not rising magma. He says such "phreatic" explosions are typical of Bulusan. The ash explosion lasted about 3-1/2 minutes, shorter than the 5-minute explosion recorded May 1.  A large explosion in February 2011 that shot an ash plume about 2 kilometers (more than a mile) into the sky prompted about 1,200 villagers to flee to shelters.  Bulusan is one 23 volcanoes considered active by the volcanology agency, but it has not had a violent eruption since in 1918.  The country is in the Pacific "Ring of Fire," where volcanic activity and earthquakes are common. In June 1991, Mount Pinatubo in the northern Philippines exploded in one of the biggest eruptions in the 20th century.
GLENDALE, Ore. -- Fire crews worked through the night after a large fire broke out north of Glendale Tuesday night at Peavine Creek.  Firefighters are currently trying to contain the fire, working since 5 p.m. Tuesday after fire detection cameras spotted the blaze.  Douglas Forest Protective Association says its estimated that 123 acres have already been burned.  According to DFPA there is a fire trail around half of the blaze.  "As we're going along with the fire trail, we're pummeling it with water too so we can work on those hotspots, said DFPAs Kyle Reed. There's going to be a lot of work to go before this fire's contained but there's a lot of good work that's being done out here too."       Reed says there will be a 100 percent mop-up before they are done with this fire.  "With it being so early in the fire season, we have to make sure this fire's going to be good not only for a couple days from now or a couple weeks from now, but 2-to-3 months from now when we're in the peak of fire season."  Douglas County is in its third year of drought conditions. Reed says it's important to be careful when burning your debris or even mowing your lawn.  "Stuff that doesn't typically cause fires this time of the year -- we're going to see an increase in stuff like that, so people just need to be cautious when theyre working or recreating in wildlife areas."  The cause of the Peavine Creek fire is still under investigation.
much cool. ty!
"SEDONA - Did you feel anything?  A magnitude-3.2 earthquake shook the Sedona area around 2 a.m. Tuesday, according to the U.S. Geological Survey.  The epicenter was six miles north of Sedona.  The Associated Press says no damage or injuries have been reported.  Meteorologist Iris Hermosillo says there are some fault lines in the state, so earthquakes here aren't uncommon. The earthquakes we feel, though, generally aren't very strong.  The largest earthquake in Arizona was recorded on July 21, 1959 at a magnitude of 5.6, the USGS says."  Did you feel it? Report here please: http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/dyfi/
he sure is!
Police in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, have ordered residents and visitors to remain in their homes and hotels as reports of violence and roadblocks in Jalisco and Colima continue, US Consulate in Guadalajara warns - @MariaCabadas read more on usconsulate.gov   Security Message, May 1st. 2015 (Update) In addition to our previous notice regarding criminal road blockades throughout Guadalajara and the state of Jalisco, including Puerto Vallarta, we wish to alert U.S. Citizens that criminal roadblocks have also been reported in the state of Colima.   Security Message, May 1st. 2015 This morning, the U.S. Consulate has confirmed reports of criminal road blockades throughout the Guadalajara metropolitan area. Multiple vehicles were hijacked, left in the middle of roads and set on fire to disrupt traffic. Mexican police and safety officials are working to restore normal traffic. The Consulate has advised its employees to remain in their homes until the situation is resolved. The Consulate advises American Citizens to avoid travelling in the area and to stay alert to public announcements from Mexican police and authorities. The U.S. Consulate is closed today due to the Mexican Holiday and will reopen on Monday.
I'm assuming the dog was infected by fleas.  However:    "...Four days later, the dog's owner entered the hospital with a fever and a bloody cough that became worse over the next few hours, but an initial blood culture was misidentified, according to the CDC report.  As the patient's symptoms grew worse, the test was redone and he was found to have been infected with pnumonic plague, according to the CDC report. The remains of the dog were also tested and were found to be positive for the plague bacteria.  "Frankly one of the biggest surprises of this outbreak is the source," said John Douglas, of Tri-County Health Department in Colorado and one of the study authors. "Primarily ... dogs dont get sick at all or they get a minor illness," after being infected with the plague.  Janine Runfola, of the Tri-County Health Department in Colorado and lead author of the report, explained that cats are more likely to infect humans with the disease than dogs because they exhibit more symptoms. "For pneumonic plague a more likely scenario would be you have a cat [play] with prairie dogs and infected fleas get on the cat," Runfola said. "The cat gets sick and sneezes and coughs on its owner."  "The plague is caused by the bacteria Yersinia pestis, and can infect the body in different ways. For example a flea bite can lead to infection of the glands, which is called bubonic plague -- notorious for the epidemics it spawned during the Middle Ages in Europe. Because this plague was spread from dog to owner through coughing, it developed into pneumonic plague, according to Douglas.  The plague is known to be endemic to prairie dogs in the American Southwest, which can then lead to isolated outbreaks of the disease in domestic animals or humans.
not sure, Gonna go post in /r/colorado, I think I may have forgotten to earlier.  ok that's done. I aslo think Nepal   Baltimore are getting most readers attention atm. Such is life?
now you have me farther intrigued.I seem to recall reading that some Japanese company had/is developing a new material-type solar cell that converts to usable energy without needing all those middle steps. Great, now I will spend half my day trying to find it, and gee I hope I am remembering it correctly.
http://forecast.weather.gov/hazards/?wfo=shv
Tornado watch in effect until 9am in Wood County, Texas, includes 4 Louisiana parishes
Nepal earthquake: more than a hundred people dead - live updates Rolling coverage of developments in Himalayan nation following 7.9 magnitude quake near Kathmandu  http://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2015/apr/25/nepal-earthquake-nation-worst-tremor-80-years-kathmandu-live-updates
http://www.reddit.com/live/usqod2db8ogh  https://twitter.com/kundadixit
"A farm east of Hawley, Minnesota is preparing for the worst after initial tests come back presumably positive for avian flu.  As Valley News Live first reported Tuesday, more than 300,000 may have to be destroyed if the test is confirmed positive. Amon Baer says the birds are all contained and there are no eggs on store shelves."  Different source: "It may be too late for the Red River Valley to contain the avian flu. Valley News Live has learned a farm just southeast of Hawley, Minnesota may have to destroy hundreds of thousands of chickens after initial test results come back positive for avian flu. We first met Amon Baer nearly two years ago when summer's heat took a toll on his chickens. Now, he'd rather take the heat over what he's looking at, a presumed positive test for avian flu. "We've been very vigilant in trying to monitor the birds and watch them for any signs of disease," Baer said. Baer said he works with around 300,000 chickens on his farm every day. He noticed Monday something wasn't right with about 30 of them. "I know what a healthy bird looks like and these looked a little sick, under the weather, breathing difficulty, a little foaming from the mouth," Baer said. What Baer doesn't know is how some of his birds came down with the virus, though wild waterfowl are known for carrying it. "We don't have wild geese or ducks in the barn. I don't know how it would have transferred from the waterfowl into the building," Baer said. Now the building will have to be emptied. All 300,000 chickens will likely be wiped out completely once the final test comes back. A livelihood put on hold. "It's very deflating. I've been in the business for 50 years and we've never had a disease outbreak on the farm to speak of that amounted to anything," Baer said. A hit to the Baer Brothers Farm that was luckily caught early. "They have a 48 hour period. None of the eggs that would have been quarantined here have gotten into any customers hands," Baer said. The USDA and APHIS will be out on the farm Wednesday to work out a plan to compost all of the birds. Baer said a final test result is expected then as well. Biohazard name:	H5N2 (highly pathogenic avian influenza virus)"  from: http://hisz.rsoe.hu/alertmap/site/index.php?pageid=event_desc edis_id=BH-20150422-47901-USA  also international bid flu map:http://hisz.rsoe.hu/alertmap/index2.php  ( well from this one source. Notice how Russia has so few 'problems?)
Theres also the question of private property on both sides of the equation  private mineral rights and private homes, says the mayor. And its a public safety issue. It does raise questions about long-term infrastructure cost. It is something weve got to consider. I am a big proponent of natural gas and what it could do for energy independence in this country. The question of how and where we should be doing it is what we need science to help us figure out. Its good city policy if we know what the safest way to extract it is."  http://cityhallblog.dallasnews.com/2015/04/rawlings-now-even-more-anxious-to-get-smus-study-showing-cause-of-dallas-irving-quakes.html/
I sure  hope so :))  Glad you got it all set to roll out :)  I just linked this:http://www.reddit.com/r/AnythingGoesNews/comments/32q2hw/laney_griner_dear_internet_i_love_you_so_damn_much/
In the event that Iran was to not finalize the agreement, they will have in place an air defense system which will ...inhibit... the ability of, for instance, Israel, USA and Saudi Arabia to respond to a buildup of nuclear weaponry by Iran.  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-32139753
Why on earth are people harming these?   There is another reported incident from February, " An investigation is underway after six quokkas were found dead in plastic plant protectors at an island camp ground about 8pm on Monday February 23."   http://www.watoday.com.au/wa-news/hunt-on-for-rottnest-island-quokka-killers-20150225-13owhi.html  Very weird. Does this island attract future serial killers?  oh jeez worse. "From August 1838 ten Aboriginal prisoners were sent to Rottnest Island (known as Wadjemup to the Noongar, possibly meaning "place across the water"[8]). After a short period when both settlers and prisoners occupied the island, the Colonial Secretary announced in June 1839 that the island would become a penal establishment for Aboriginal people and, between 1838 and 1931, Rottnest Island was used as a prison to transfer Aboriginal prisoners "overseas". "It has been estimated that there may be as many as 369 Aboriginal graves on the island, of which five were for prisoners who were hanged."  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Noongar  omg and then it was a boys reformatory! http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rottnest_Island#Aboriginal_prison  too much creepy history in one spot.
..and on that note, good night!
on the other hand, it is good to know:)
shoot he is more or less claiming south Ossetia! http://america.aljazeera.com/articles/2015/3/18/putin-signs-treaty-integrating-south-ossetia-into-russia.html  plus  (idk, haven't read it yet): "Next Poland and Finland" - thousand celebrated joining of Crimea to Russia! (hs.fi)   (http://www.hs.fi/ulkomaat/a1426737116239)  IDK i got it from a bot   haven't translated, yet!  Finland and Poland too are fairly tough. Put our troops there??   Like this?  "US Plans Show-of-Force Exercise in E. Europe"   http://www.defensenews.com/story/defense/land/2015/03/18/us-army-dragoon-ride/24903247/  Or should we just do France   England???   =))))  EDIT:omg, should we take Turkey????
Is this Stew Pit?
you may enjoy the photos of the area in here: http://www.evanjoseph.com/portfolio/G0000GlBRUYCF6Dw#I0000pT1MlPG7YpI  He is pretty spectacular. I dealt with him (email) on my last job, got nosy  (as I tend to do), and have been very happily stunned by his work.
What /u/jewelsteel said makes sense.   I want to add though that I withdraw from people when things in my life get tough. It's just what I do. This could be loss of job, financial difficulties, almost anything particularly worrisome.   I'm fairly pedestrian, so I'm betting there are plenty of others that do the same.  I think it is in fact that, as per u/jewelsteel, "But I NEED to put all of that attention in myself, to improve my mental health and make me happier."
Wow, thank you:)
Hi sorry if I have submitted wrong (hope not!)    The original film dates from 1938, this version was released in 1942.  Film plot courtesy http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Child_Br... Miss Carol (Diana Durrell) is an idealistic teacher in a remote one-room schoolhouse. A native of the Ozarks herself, she is determined to stop the practice of child marriage, in which older men marry teen or preteen girls. Her campaign raises the ire of some local men, led by Jake Bolby, who drag her into the woods one night with the intention of tarring and feathering her. Before they can do this, however, Angelo the dwarf and Mr. Colton arrive with a shotgun to save the day.  Following this, Jake Bolby comes across young Jennie Colton swimming naked. When her father dies, Bolby decides to take advantage of the opportunity to blackmail her mother into letting him marry the girl, threatening that otherwise he will see her hanged for murder. After he "courts" Jennie by giving her a doll, the two are married. It later turns out that this ceremony was illegal, as child marriage had been banned several days prior, but this point quickly becomes moot. Before Bolby can consummate the union, he is gunned down by Angelo. Jennie leaves his house with Freddie, and the movie ends.
I seem to have had a shameful voice in my head forever. I think what I was actually ashamed of was my parents.  They argued to where the whole neighborhood heard them.  I felt frightened. And ashamed.  Oldish now, yet I haven't yet dealt with this.  Comes a time:)  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jo7gkFkhG8  Also thanks:) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5plUrqi0zwA