It's called Seaglass Beach. You can find it on Google maps.
They are such wonderful, intelligent, and loving dogs. I fell in love with him the moment I saw him. He was the runt. The discount puppy (free because they were going to put him down), and I can't imagine his litter mates turning out any bigger or more beautiful than him. He's quite an amazing pup!
Thank you so much!
This was taken in Utah.
Yes, my husband is.
House wife for now. Haha! I will get a job here in a few months after we are all settled.
Ommigosh!!! This is the cutest thing!!!  I love it!!!
We had to have 2 rabies vaccinations done 30 days apart and then a FAVN blood test. His quarantine started from the day the blood test was done and can be started 180 days before entering the country. We then had to get approval from the Japanese government. He was checked by a quarantine official immediately upon entering the country and before going through customs. It is a very difficult and expensive process. We actually brought 2 cats with us.
We just moved to Okinawa, Japan... It's in the mid 60's-70's here. He's also indoor only.
Sure! http://i.imgur.com/mbOm27m.jpg  http://i.imgur.com/McYq0s3.jpg
Hahaha! Yes!
With moobs...
Oh yes! He is getting lots of cuddles mixed with lots of laughter. :)
I love my vet clinic...
Thank you so much!The amount of support I've felt has been surreal... Right down to all the volunteers going through my neighborhood and handing out water and gatorade as we try to salvage and clean up what's been left. Had I been 2 houses over, I wouldn't have anything to salvage. I lost my entire roof and so much more, my house is a complete loss, but I still have some to take away from it. The rest of my neighborhood was completely flattened. When I came out of the storm shelter, there was nothing to my left.... Nothing. My children are safe, and I found all my pets, so many were not that lucky. My heart hurts for all the children and innocent lost in this storm. I don't know if I should feel guilty or relieved.
One fantastically delicious bottle!!! (I had three.) And thank you.
It definitely fucking flies...
A-FUCKING-MEN!!!
As someone who deals in the used textbook industry... It makes me SICK what college bookstores buy back books for!!! There is a site called bigwords.com you can enter the isbn # of the books you want to sell and it will list all the sites that are buying back and at what price. Most have free shipping included. You can also find the books you need the same way. Some of the sites actually have local bookstores that you can print off the quote and walk in and get that price in cash. Where the store may have paid $15, the site will pay $80. I really hope this helps some of you... I can't stand to see the shit these bookstores try to pull.
Haha! Yes, but everyone else's explanations are so much more fun!!!... She had a little run in with a coffee table. She shattered her cheek bone and pushed her eye back into her skull some, and now has to have reconstructive surgery. :(
You don't mean it, unless you make a meme about it...
Federal lawsuit filed against ExxonMobil after pipeline rupture, oil spill in Arkansas
That's exactly what I came to say. My daughter had something that started off like this two weeks ago. I thought it was a brown recluse bite, turned out to be cellulitis... Got really bad, really fast. 2 trips to the ER, 2 trips to the doctor, and a 3 day stay at a children's hospital. VERY scary!
Someone just stole your pic and reposted... http://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/1b826x/the_fuck_you_doin/
Went to the comedy club last night... This is no laughing matter...
Haha! No! I eat them by two's...
That made me laugh out loud!!!
She's the cutest thing I've ever seen!
Cadillac Ranch on Route 66
Repost...
Always chasin that pussy...
I'm with you on this... All for a little bit of karma... Awww it's so cute!!! Yeah and will be dead in 3 days because some dumbass picked it up for a few upvotes.