Cheap for a baby
Giggidy
So if we say there are ~7bn people in the world we need ~49bn trees?
ELI5: How many trees do we need?   Besides the fact that large forests are aesthetically pleasing and provide wood etc for use; how many trees would we need to survive in relation to the amount of oxygen they provide?   Is there a way to work this out?  How much oxygen is already in the atmosphere which would need to be used first before we were surviving off x number of trees?
Potatis
It's funny seeing how shocked the kid is when you pick them up and they see a drenched fully clothed man next to them. It's always nice how thankful the parents are too.
Looper?
Panoramas are fun.
I'll drink to that!
It was **epic** I had goose bumps throughout. They were just wearing off then Dre came and I nearly fell over with excitement.   Yeah that is a shame. I was pretty close to the front but it would be cool to see all the angles.
Thailand's do's and dont's
Touching the void?
(UK) Undergraduate Lawyer needs help   I'm currently a second year law student plodding my way through my degree.   I know that I want to do my Law Practicing Course (LPC) once I finish my three years and then move onto a training contract. But, I also want a year out to live in News Zealand.   Would I be best having a year out and then do my LPC which would hopefully be funded through a training contract? Or would I be best doing my LPC straight away after these 3 years and then have a year out and then go onto a training contract? The downside to the latter is that I would have to fund the 10,000 LPC myself.   How common is it that training contracts fund LPCs?   Any help/comments/sharing of own experiences would be great.    (Also posting to /r/needadvice (can anyone recommend a better subreddit))
Oceans Eleven?
Netflix humour
/u/JustinMagill *JamesMcGill*
Wind on a lake.
First beer bong
I too wish more people could see this
Who is James Franco?
Add themavia. I've done fleeca job but will help you if you can give us a hand with the rest of them?
Rockstar's matchmaking
Lawyer.
Fascinating.  The only ones I've ever been to have been easily accessible, this has been the most challenging one. I'm going to London next weekend; do you have the GC.
This one is actually on White Edge. You do have a great view of Stanage from it though.
GC1QDBW
Melon makes your semen taste nice.
r/writingprompts
Birth control.
Kevin at our school lived on a farm. On his last day he arrived in a 4x4 with 3 live pigs in the back. One had the number '1' painted on the back the other two pigs had '2' and '4' on theirs.   He let them loose around school. There was much confusion as to where the 3rd pig was.
Reddit.
Getting food in different clothing