At least go medium...
How Hot Chicken Really Happened
Ridiculous AMX Super Stocker Wheelstand. Love these old AMX's
I think they will maintain or gain value if you hold on to them. Especially if they don't produce a lot of them. Hellcats are the new MOPAR Halo cars like the old Hemi Cuda, Roadrunner, Super Bee, GTX, Super Bird, Daytona etc. Look at what those cars are pulling in at the auctions now.
Tuner UBB to build 1,000HP AWD S550 Mustangs
I Guarantee It
ProCharger took a brand new Z06 and converted to their centrifugal blower and claim it's capable of 1000+HP easy and up to 1600HP on stock internals
Happy Independence Day Fellow American Gearheads
NOS!!
This Week in America
Country Classic Cars in Staunton, IL. Off I-55 North of St. Louis
Today on Hot Rod Power Tour I saw a Ford GT cleverly disguised as a classic 1960's Mustang (photos)
Something I've never been able to find online and I don't think it's on the DVD's either is a sketch from HBO's late 90's 'The Chris Rock Show' called "Explosions". It was a parody of disaster movies like Armageddon or The Core where random explosions are happening all over the World and Chris Rock plays the president. At one point he yells at his cabinet saying something like "We gotta do something about these explosions!" And it was just hilariously perfect. But it seems to be nowhere on YouTube, however his similar fecal themed disaster movie trailer "Shitstorm" (which may have inspired "Sharknado" for all we know) is relatively easy to find.
You were watching Drunk History over memorial day weren't you?
I dig it. Gonna drop my GMT 400 Tahoe Limited soon. Needs shocks and bushings anyway
My Cat Just Gave Me A High Five
Happy Cinco De Metal
I won't call it shit, but Be Here Now did kinda sound to me like it was 'regurgitated' from the first 2 albums to use Noel's favorite word. Sounded great, but was more sizzle, and less steak. You know what some might say... ;-)
Good Meowning Friends   Coffee Cat Friends
There will be a tipping point for electric cars to be the predominant automobile. Maybe 15 years out? The charging infrastructure will get better, the range will get better, they will get cheaper, etc. The infrastructure I don't see being a huge problem because except for long trips, you just plug it in at home every day. You are your own gas station.  I hear of Chevy Volt owners rarely buying any gas.  I think self driving cars are going to take a lot of work, testing, and PR/convincing before the general public is confident in it. It's a neat option but people do like driving. And car enthusiasts really like driving. Will racetracks eventually be the only place to do it? That is maybe 40-50 years away?
Yep. Duke's or GTFO
Also distant relative to 80's New Wave band Oingo Boingo https://youtu.be/Jm-upHSP9KU
Next outrage: Cop shoots a 12 year old kid in the back. Why is it always shoot to kill? Why is running or holding a gun or resisting arrest now an instant death sentence? Even Rodney King wouldn't have a chance these days.
Rutledge Wood is just great. So are Freiburger   Finnegan. Hey Derek.
Even Twitter's 'Who To Follow' Suggestions Won't Let Poor Monica Lewinsky Be...
Exactly. Sure he's funny and makes good television but he's a big ugly bigoted asshole baby. You can't drop the N word on camera, incite a near riot in a foreign country, and beat up your producer in the span of a few months and expect to remain employed by a state run television network.
Sucks about Anakin but Hayden's Vader was always a little bitch amirite? And Ryan Dunn was a genuinely cool guy. Met him at SEMA Show in Vegas outside on a smoke break and mentioned to him my gf (now wife) were fans of CKY (pre-jackass) and she was good friends with his cousin. He told me to call her up and he talked with her for a few minutes, told her to say hi to his cousin and to make sure we come by at their next reunion coming up. Then we just talked about cars and what we saw at the show. He died I think sometime the next year and was genuinely sad. Plus he was vilified in the media for the crash. Sucked all the way around.
Natural. Selection.
Eating a steady diet of government cheese and living down by the river... Van
Gulf Shrimp Anyone? 10 Million Gallon 'Bath Mat' Of Oil Larger Than Rhode Island From BP Deepwater Horizon Spill Found In Gulf of Mexico
TIL Mayor of Flavortown and Bro Chef Guy Fieri was a pitchman for Flowmaster mufflers before he got famous
How U Doin?