Had a great time in my 944 yesterday... Until I blew the transmission
I see you driving around all the time! I live in wilbraham
I never thought of that, I'm definitely going to have to try it. I have a few autocross mods for Race 07 and they just don't feel right. They seemed herky jerky and the cones make you jump I'd you hit them
I'm not exactly sure, mines an 86 and it came with late offset wheels for some reason, but there was already rear spacers so it looked like an actual late offset car. I would definitely do spacers though, fills up the wheel arches much more
I'm currently in the process of building my 944 into a track car, and by any chance do you remember what you did to make the front splitter/ valence under the front bumper?
Yeah Massachusetts represent!
Gorgeous color
What I should have said is that I don't think you'll be able to find one that has the fit and finish of a factory slant nose
No hablo germano
Uploaded
Labor Day weekend at Lime Rock
Yes
'Straya ya bogan
My god
I can't be the only one who doesn't like the new Ford GT   It honestly doesn't make me excited at all. There's so many angles I see in it that look all too familiar to other cars. More specifically, I see a mix of the P1 and La Ferrari in the rear, the quarters are from a Hyuaraurauara, the front end is from a Marcos, and the roof and windshield is from a Agera and the list just goes on. I'm not a Ford guy but I mean come on, it's just ridiculous. It just looks like another generic rendering to me of a supercar.
Yeah, god forbid you go against the r/cars circle jerk. The OP asked a question, and I answered it with my opinion, yet it's still wrong.
Ferrari 458
Try looking inside the force feedback settings of GT5, I normally keep it on 7 or 8 for my GT3
I absolutely love the Maxima, it looks soooooo clean
You'll enjoy it, I'm really glad for you it worked out in the end. Post some pics when you get it.
What's with all the not silver 918s on here lately? Not in a bad way though, the Orange one that was posted here a couple days ago was fantastic.
He can't even
My dads friend has a 1985 Countach. I don't think I have ever ridden in a car that was so amazing and so shitty at the same time. It looked and felt like it was built in a shed. But it was just such a surreal experience being able to ride in one of my hero's.
I have a story as well! Last year, my cousin and I went to a swap meet and I brought literally no money. My dad was in Hong Kong at the time, so he told me to use some of his money if I found some Oldsmobile parts. Well, we head to the car corral, and there's this god awful 1980 Cutlass that's brougham 2 tone baby blue. The seller was asking $3,000 for it, so I told me dad. He said to go get some money and my cousin and I can go halfsies on it so we can flip it. Well, that's what we did. We ended up getting the car for only $1,300. I tell my dad we had bought it and he was pretty proud because we managed to get the price that low. We brought it back to my house and my mom was PISSED. We already have 8 cars at my house and when she saw this Cutlass roll through I thought she was going to kill me. My dad on the other hand, proud as fuck.
I can see why, there is no such thing as a cheap Porsche. The price of parts isn't too terrible, the thing that gets you is how often you need to do maintenance and all the special tools that you need. It's my autocross car so it only sees wear and tear for about 5 minutes each month. The Cutlass isn't bad at all, just because it has the 3.1 and not the 3.4. I bought mine for a grand and pretty much did a mini restoration. I bought 2 parts cars, got what I needed, and sold what I didn't need. I'm currently into the car for only about 1,200.  Edit: Words
Picked up a girl after school one day. It was pouring out, and I mean pouring out. I love my Cutlass to death, but since it's a convertible, the thing leaks more than Chernobyl leaks radiation. We're driving home, and water is literally going everywhere and it's not stopping anytime soon. Of course my side doesn't leak that much, and it's the passenger side that's terrible. Needless to say, she wasn't a fan of my Cutlass, and I took that shit right in the feels. Edit: Completely forgot to mention I spun a bearing in it while in the school parking lot. Made the most horrifying sound ever.
I know I'm late to the party, but I don't like miatas. They're completely overrated. I'm not saying that they're a bad car by any means, but they're just over hyped. I'll show myself out now...
Guards red
You're also forgetting about the drive train, if I recall correctly, the wheels on the sports train were bigger than the factory wheels on the Jag, and the drive train wouldn't be able to handle it, you're essentially up gearing it.
I'd say keep it simple. Start from the ground up with wheel, tires brakes, suspension, etc. You'd be surprised how far that alone would get you. If you feel ambitious, why not do your own paint job. I really don't know what's out there for parts, but then again that's what the internet is for. Lastly, before you do anything I suggest pricing out what you want to do and how far you actually want to go with it. Congratulations on the project, and good luck.
I've had my fanatec for around a year and a half now, somehow I have had no problems with mine which is extremely strange, except for the fact the alacantra is wearing off and it's kind of ratty looking. I'm running a TH8 with it for a shifter and I would highly recommend it. The feel to it is unbelievable.
OK, thank you very much. They are real Irwin vice grips but I will try again when I get the chance. I really don't want to leave gouge marks but I guess if that's what it comes down to I will.