Why were the Greeks so afraid of saying "No to Germany and just leaving the EU for Good?   It seems that Syriza just does have the courage to give Europe the finger and leave the EU for good.  It would rather capitulate to bankers than charts its own path and gain its own control over its economic future by leaving the EU for good.  Yes, the consequences would have been grave in the short and medium term but in the long run, it would have been better than being a slave to the EU for good
The Broncos.  I do not like the Raiders either, but I have universally rooted against the Broncos my entire life.
Journalists slam article claiming Russia, China cracked Edward Snowden files - World
If Sanders wins the primary, do you think the Republicans use the socialist label against him?   However, one huge difference between Bernie and Obama campaigns in the 2008 campaign is that the Bernie's race and gender will neutralize the Obama racism that happened during the 2008 campaign.  However, the Republicanism will use the socialist death label to death and use Sander's anti-interventionist to drum up that Sanders will bring the terrorist back.  Unlike Hillary, the GOP could not resort to the personal character attacks aganist Bernie that they can use aganist Hillary Clinton all of the time.    In some ways, Bernie would be attacked on policy stances and would not be attacked on race, gender, and personal character attacks that Obama or Hillary faced.
Green jackfruit: is pulled pork for vegetarians the next big food craze? | Life and style
Last all-male undergraduate college becomes co-ed (From Oxford Mail)
That thing has been eyesore on my bus ride on OCTA Route No. 56 (which I take at least a few times a week) ever since I moved to the Santa Ana, CA in 2012.  I always wonder what the backstory on that building is and now I know.
Giuliani: Obama comments 'hit a nerve'
Woman claims Riverside police used excessive force; plans to file $10M lawsuit
The only problem that I do not like about the tax law is that it will cause a distortion in accounting for financial earnings and tax accounting.   DOA with me.  It fails to properly account for the recapture the cost of the asset over the useful of the life asset. It also "creative accounting" allowing the companies to have higher profits for Wall Street than actual profits that they when it is reported to the IRS.  Again, creative accounting.
Climate Change and Moving (Personal Rant)   I am worried that one day that I am going to have move away from Southern California because of the massive drought that we have.  It seems that there needs to be mass migration to the North as the West drys up, the North will become habitable.  Unless we want to pay $10.00 for gasoline and ride the OCTA/Metro everywhere, I just feel real cynical that things are going to change because there is not the will to change things even this is a clearly obvious threat but nobody wants to do the self-sacrificing to change things.
Nice!
What is this merits of this stupid lawsuit?  It shows that they have no interest in legislating.  There is a lot that could be done even with this crazy GOP Congress, but they choose to do nothing.
I definitely agree with him.  Students need to get engage in more voting to protect this democracy.
Why do they give him 62 jails for torturing a dog? He should sent to straight to the big house.
I think ISIS is more interested in expending its resources in stating a sucessful Islamic empire in the Middle East instead of trying to put a off massive 9/11 type attack.  If they do attack, it will some lone wolf inspired by ISIS to do a Boston Marathon style attack.   I would be real concern about than a real coordinated, precise effort.  There are plenty of young Islamists will to do a suicide bombing at a crowded even. And ISIS seems to be real good job of getting recruits from Western Nations and that is what we need to be where of.
I watch the entire story on the local TV news and the guy who filmed the beating stated that cop clearly used excessive force.
Good video.
Dumb, but kinda funny. I have seen a lot worse than this
The cost of living is very high in LA and it has hard to find a place to live quickly unless you are in recovery.  The best way is to fake that you are in recovery and you will find it a lot faster to find housing cheaply. When you are in recovery, it is very easy to find cheap places to live that offer weekly rentals compared to living in a hotel that will be very expensive and unaffordable at that wage.
The Harbor bus on the weekends can be bad. I remember going to Target one day and there was no bus for 40 minutes on the Northbound route. So I eventually took the Southbound route to the Walmart  The 56 was nailed me a couple of times but mainly due to construction delays that has nailed me with two job interviews.
The reality is that market does not "self-correct". It takes both investment from both the government and private sector to grow business.    How is the private sector supposed to "self-correct" a horrendous labor participation rate?  If the market was to "self-correct" the labor participation rate, we would still see significant downward pressure on wages which would lead to greater inequity in the economy.  Greater inequity in the economy eventually leads to reduced consumer spending .  It is all a vicious cycle that will not end until we do something about income inequality.  Until the government changes the tax laws to incentivize companies from stopping hoarding cash, you are not going to see any future investment
I think that Obama is getting a lot of pressure from the neo-conservative camp to do something on Syria and he wants to follow Clinton's footsteps in terms of limited intervention in foreign entanglements where whole-scale massacres of innocent people.  However, the Iraq War has permanently discredited the US use of force in foreign entanglements even the if the use of force was limited.  If Obama wanted to truly intervene the proper way, he should have gave arms to rebels a long time ago and sent special forces as advisors for training the rebels. I think that is better use of military resources than limited strikes that could potential escalate the war.
That is just the military zealots try to agree on a policy that is fail to implement.  I am sorry, but the Iraq War now has limited this type of intervention because you fools screwed up in Iraq and the inherent risk of the US bungling up another major operation is too high compared to have the benefit of what effect to Assad that it would have.
There are plenty ways to learn how to hustle.  You just have to have the willingness to do so.  Hustling in this case means hustlings to get a job in your profession which means you try to sell yourself to other people within your profession even if it is technical field.  I do not hustle for jobs because I am a little bit fearful, too hesistant and I got to deal with my recovery as well.  In addition, I have to rely on the bus system (which is fairly reliable where I live, but takes a long time to get around on).  I am starting to realize that I have to hustle for a job, but I have to break my fear and willin
You Cannot Do That on Television on Nickelodon, Thundercats, and Looney Toons (lots and lots of Looney Toons)
Personally, I knew people who in my social network who spew anti-Obama stuff, but I personally are wonderful and very nice people.  A lot of Christians that I know are very spiritual and really love God with all of their hearts.  I think that the media poisons the debate and makes charactures out of both liberals and conservatives.  Unless you know people personally really well that hold those views, sometimes the sterotype persists especially when you spend all of our time hanging out with one type of people.  People follow the echo chamber so much (including myself) and do not realize that reality is far different than the echo chamber that exists on the left.  Not all of right-wing and left-wing talk hosts reflect the craziness.  There is a lot of thoughtful conservative talk radio hosts (like Michael Medev) or Thom Hartmann who is a liberal talk show host.  I think Rachel Maddow and Chris Hayes are very thoughful people as well.   Not everybody that you hear on the radio is bombastic, but the people are the bombastic tend to drive the highest ratings and advertising dollars.  The funny is that the most crazy guy on the left, Mike Malloy, gets rejected even though Mike Malloy is often right.
If the victims want truth-in-sentencing, develop a state sentencing commission and then create significantly lower sentences for all crimes except for child rape, aggravated forcible rape, and first-degree murder.  Offenders would only get 15%-25% off their sentences and  victims would know exactly how long the offender is serving in prison without seeing a huge increase in overcrowding because stiff sentencing requirements.  In addition, people that commit serious violent habitual felonies more than two times are locked on life sentence without parole subject to governor's ability to commute the sentence to a terms of years if the prisoner shows extraordinary merit and rehabilitation of mind,body, and soul
There is needs to be a state-wide law prohibiting cities from shutting down dispensaries.  Until the state creates mandatory requirements from each city in terms of regulating dispensaries, this issue will keeping going on.  It comes to unfounded fear about crime and illegal activity.  Cops should stop raiding marijuana facilties and instead of spending time trying to bust people who drive stoned.  The fact is that you should right to smoke unless you get behind a wheel and cause an accident.  Driving while impaired is far bigger problem than people just trying to smoke to relieve some tension or pain in their body.
Yeah, getting out of drug and alcohol addiction takes hell of lot of effort and humility.  I know! I have to recovery my addiction to alcohol and it takes a lot of effort and time.  A lot of time that could have gone into hobbies and watching TV shows on weekday nights are taken away.   Yet, it is doable.  I have got sober three times and it is struggle, but is is possible.
This is an cause and the effect error.  Your reasoning suggests that people will do daring acts because the government will pick up the tab for the health care.  The reality is that this is a coincidence.  A lot of people do dangerous acts in the United States and take the risk even though they do not health insurance.
I do not why the mass populace is voting for the Republican party.  I think that these people place too much reliance on talk radio, Drudge Report, and Fox News.  In my neck of the woods, I have Pacifica, KPCC,  and KTLK 1150 AM. I also read the OC Register which climate change denier paper, but my news analysis comes from Thom Hartmann and Pacifica and therefore, I will not vote for Republicans based on the information that was dissesmated.  People that listen to conservative get half-truths most of the time.  At times, Beck and his ilk are partially right, but they distort the rest of the story which creates a half-truth.  Our voters rely on half-truth equate it with truth and therefore, will vote Republicans because of their inablity to listen to diverse news sources.