It could just be me. I have this weird thing with mannequins (that is a Forever 21 mannequin), I can't be near them without feeling uneasy. I don't like em at all!
Noticed the picture on my Boba drink...
Batman continues to surprise me with his vast knowledge of different martial arts.
Its so...beautiful!
When you see it...
Must be her son. Won't be able to look at her the same way again. Now that's a confused boner.
Caught in a landslide,
I seem to recall it being a commercial for Universal Studios when they added that 3D King Kong segment to the tram.
Can't go wrong with an IPA!
Ooo that ass movement!
My god that was hot! Need to fond me a woman like that!
Can confirm. Used to work as a manager at one, and when we cash out the registers, we have to match up the "promos" (coupons) with the sales report.  Too many promos and with nothing to show for it, would look suspicious.
You can make me a fan at everything! ;)
What month and year is this from?
Pooping, nothing special. Will resume holiday activities after this brief intermission
The Amazoness, yea haha. The pictures aren't alike in that way but, the way the Korra one looks in terms of style reminds me a bit of that game.
I was in class watching Pearl Harbor, the movie. This happened when I was in 11th grade. I am one of those people that laugh all the time and have a hard time pulling back my laugh. So as we're watching, the scene where the Japanese are attacking Hawaii there's a part where they drop a bomb near a guy who's hiding behind some sandbags. The bomb doesn't explode and the guy yells, "It's a dud!". And a second later the bomb explodes! My friend just turns to me, and says in a stupid tone, " So it wasn't a dud?". I couldn't hold it and I start cracking up. The whole class is serious while watching the movie, and I'm over here laughing while people are dieing left and right
Condoms! Condoms the size of hefty bags!
From California, US SOADFreak211 Hopefully we can get some legendary items!
Smart man, no one wants to fight someone who's naked
Wow, very nice. You have a great body, now I can't sleep either
Made me cry too; not available in my country :(
Daaaaaaaang!!! With those fangs your sexiness level is over 9000!!!! The tattoos are awesome as well
Yea, Serj's music is hard to classify into a specific genre
My first thought when I read the title, "what!? No way!? I gotta try that!". I know what I'm doing today!  I think it has to do with the being naked and how we're so used to being clothed. No restraints I guess
I have the same thing happening to me. I try to do what draken273 mention and detach myself but, its a hard thing for me to do when you keep thinking of being able to please this new SO. Foreplay is a must and just try switching up. If you're feeling like you're about to get there, stop and concentrate on other areas of your SO: lick her nipple, grab her breast and kiss the neck. Just think of finding a way to stop and compose yourself without your SO losing her momentum.   That's what I have to offer as advice but, I also think it's all in your head. With me and my Ex we went at it for I would say average length 20-30min. But know that I'm with this new person I keep thinking about being able to please her and it just affects me negatively. For my situation at least, I think I just need to get that thought out of my head and just be in the moment; not worrying whether or not I'm going to last long.   Hope you find something that helps, and don't forget to add updates for others
Anyone else wondering if those pens are purchaseable......?
That was an excellent post! Glad to have found something different that is actually good. Really random but the song was pretty sick!
Thanks for the post. I really enjoyed the song. Especially the whole "rain stick" sound in the background. One of those few bands that get to me on the first listen
I'm using reddit on my phone, sitting on my rolling chair. I clicked on the link and it was taking a while to load. I moved the phone closer to my face to see it better and it starts screaming at me! All this images start blaring at me! I pushed away from the image but forgot it was on my phone, which was still in my hand; I couldn't get away T_T I panicked and struggled to press the Home button.  It's been awhile since I've been scared shitless, I praise you for this terrifying find!
Hah hah! That blank stare with that smile gets me everytime!
Very nice! I like the expressions on em! You should make more ^_^