This one is so cool.
/r/woahdude
It's a cuttlefish. It's this in the same family though. :) Cephalopods are neat.
I don't think they would appreciate me hawking my stuff. I just wanted to share something that I created. If you're seriously interested in me making you one, PM me for details.
...that escalated quickly.
It's mother of pearl
Thank you! :D
I like Squishy!
I used to spew fatlogic a few years ago. I reasoned that I only eat three times a day, normally skipping breakfast and eating only one snack for the day. Oh and liquids can't have that many calories because I just have to pee it all out in a few minutes, right? Especially alcohol! It wasn't until I downloaded the My Fitness Pal app that I realized just how many calories I had been consuming. Now I eat what my body needs and run almost everyday. Good bye JennIsFat, and hello train_subject2843! [fat to fit!](http://imgur.com/GJc7d2s)
Thank you! :D I'm already in love with them and I'm on my second project already!
OMG IT'S PIKACHU DRESSED AS TOTORO!!!!!!!!
It sure is! Good eye!
Thanks for the info! We are heading to a village outside of Chiang Mai. Only a couple weeks left!
Yay! Mine are almost non-existent too! It's such a great feeling!
Damn...I got chills man....
I think it's a tad tight, but you know what I would do? I would keep it tight, and use that as motivation to make it looser by becoming more fit! (unless you are already fit, in that case I would just loosen it.):D
It probably has a lot to do with the fact that I work in a town full of pretentious yuppies. It's considered a 'rich town', full of million dollar homes, and people who are way above middle class. In the town I grew up in, people are much nicer, I get along with every single stranger and acquaintance. It's just whenever I get into the next town and I have to deal with all of the self-entitled yuppies....there are a lot of them, and they can be quite demanding and nasty. I treat everyone nicely though, life's too short to be grumpy! Kill 'em with kindness! :D
I switched birth control. Went form a low estrogen one to a high estrogen one and my body had to adjust.
I have make up on in that picture, and I was going through a hormonal imbalance that was fucking up my estrogen levels, so I look more feminine. I just woke up in the final one but my legs and abdomen are much more defined, and I'm more healthy now than then.
I went to see a dermatologist and was prescribed tretinoin cream and I also did a bunch of red light therapy for them. I can't feel them either.
Most of those shoes aren't mine. Haha! But I see your point!
They're almost impossible to see now.
Exactly.
You look fantastic! Wow! I wouldn't be able to speak a coherent sentence to your face if I saw you in real life. I get flustered and nervous around attractive people...
We were doing yard work in the back yard today, and my neighbor was yelling at us to come quick. Her dog found this little guy and he was barely moving. I ran to the house and got a towel and called my FIL (who works for a wildlife company). He gave me the run down on what to do. I warmed the baby up and put him back under the tree where he fell. He wasn't hurt, and he was very lively, he started sucking on my fingers while I was holding him. We were constantly keeping an eye on him and about fifteen minutes ago, mama showed up and took him back to the nest! He was so sweet and so cute!
I'm going to have to check those out. I've been meaning to start a new shawl and I keep getting distracted.
Not yet. I'm debating whether or not to crochet them all together. It looks really neat but it spaces them out more. I like how they look all touching too, so I need to figure out what I like more.
It took a year for the first 70, and I've been toning and working on my distance running this year, and I've dropped another ten. Thank you!
I'm going to be posting an update on my progress soon. I just took this picture the other day, and I was like,"whoa, is this really me? Do I really look good!?" Haha! Thanks!
I agree.
Yeah, reddit just tied its own noose. It's probably going to turn into a tumblr wanna-be site now.
nope. ;)