me irl
Stephen Colbert
Marshall and his ball
my dog's brother, Rebel
Yeah, but from what I saw and heard, they didn't expect there to be that much buildup. Sucks that WRL can get so dirty, but next voluntary shoreline spruce up is May 9th. I'll be there and hope to see lots of others out there helping, too!
Beautiful ridgeback! Ever since I got my lil dude (German shepherd/ridgeback mix) I see them all on here. He also is not a fan of getting a bath. She looks sweet!
yes it gets old, i mean it completely as a joke. I also only think it makes sense since she insults the worker for not having all her teeth and in all honesty Britt does have a perrrty mouth, don't she?
http://replygif.net/i/1049.gif
a worn out pup
Jack Reacher
Hopefully he doesn't hop onto the freeway
Entourage
oh what up Lake Highlands
"no more dead cops"
Chris Brown approves
just give me a sticky hand and I'll be fine
going through my brothers year book and find this kid hailing Hitler
definitely came here to say that that is from gonewild. i only know this because well you know...for science
I call bullshit
national beer of texas
exactly what it's like at Campises in Dallas
whenever you're looking at porn and finish too early and wish you could've made it to the next page
Could be completely off about this, but...   I am starting to see the whole Deb poisoning herself theory to be true. Yes, Dexter found a blonde hair in the bathroom, but does anyone not remember the kids staying over at Deb's place because of Isaak being after him. The hair could of easily been Harrison's, but helped Dexter believe it truly was Hannah attempting to poison Deb. just saying
meow means meow
Roll tide
my bad
"He has to play it as it lies, Doug. I had to play it off of bigfoot's foot" -Shooter McGavin
go to an aquarium stoned. one of the best days you'll have.
"ahh fuuuuuck" -guy flipping in air
how is M Night Shyamalan supposed to make a bad movie with a huge twist in such a tight squeeze?
pretty sure this is him  http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bhuYIr1J1zc
racism...lol