USDA publishes 2014 Animal Research Statistics - Total animal numbers down 6.4%
Ah, I see. Yes.
Good decisions come from experience; experience comes from bad decisions
Stand up and publicly explain why animal research is important.   In 2006, when I was a student at Oxford, UK, extremists were putting bombs in college buildings and declaring students "legitimate targets". A small group of us organised a counter-rally to a national animal rights demonstration despite many people saying it was madness.   In the end almost 1,000 students and scientists marched through the streets in support of biomedical research while only around 400 animal rights activists turned up for their demo (at the same time). More info on it: http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2006/feb/25/animalwelfare.highereducation  I have helped organise similar demonstrations in Milan, Italy and Los Angeles, USA.
So Boxee plays MP3, WAV/PCM/LPCM, WMA, AIF/AIFF, AC3/AAC, OGG, FLAC, DTS, and Dolby Digital/Dolby True HD  Boxee ouputs in: Analog(default), Digital  DTS Capable receiver  Dolby Digital(AC3) capable receiver - Audio outout device - Primary Sound Driver(default), 'other' Audio Output - Downmix multichannel audio to stereo
US, Canada, Sweden and Australia lead the "Better Life Index" - which correlates closely with GDP
"A measure of self-awareness and deep suffering exists in elephants and cetaceans, which also have a highly developed anterior insula and ACC with von Economo neurons."
Deadly gun attack on French magazine
It's a competition my cousin is in - so if you can "like" it - she and I would be very happy.
Steam not recognising FFXIII is installed   I have FFXIII on the G:\ with a SteamTool link pointing at it from my C:\ steamapps\common game directory (as with all my games).  Normally If I then "installed" a game that was there it would find the game and not feel the need to reinstall, but instead it's trying to redownload the entire 50GB game.   I know the game is working as I can play it by using the launcher in its current location, but Steam library thinks it is uninstalled.
Yes, I will.   I think they have moderated the Conservatives well (obviously as the minority party they have limited power, but they have done well).   My concerns are: - Labour - I don't trust to run the economy and the concept of Ed Miliband being the statesman in charge of the UK TERRIFIES me - Conservative - I worry about the power of their far right MPs who want to leave the EU, pull up the drawbridge and bring back social conservativism - UKIP - Oh Jesus, No!  Lib Dems have: - Raised minimal tax thresholds to 10,000  - Brought in the pupil premium - prevented some nutty policies by conservatives on green energy, immigration etc.
The Week in Animal Research - 19th Sept 2014
Forget the "testing" - it's the animals used in the development of the medicines that matter. Take Zmabb, it is a combination of three mouse antibodies, and the efficacy was discovered in monkeys. No mice or monkeys, no Zmabb.  You are right we could do it in human (not always faster - we simply couldn't not study the role of genetics in slow growing humans as effectively as some of the work that is done in genetically modified mice), but most would consider this unethical.
PETA has a history of strange ideas: * http://speakingofresearch.com/2013/02/08/a-lesson-in-hypocrisy-as-peta-cries-foul-over-one-cats-death-while-secretly-killing-hundreds-more/ * http://speakingofresearch.com/2013/06/13/petas-mixed-martial-assault-on-scientists/
There was a whole other post about dodgy infiltration filming tactics in the US (at ONPRC): http://speakingofresearch.com/2008/08/20/report-animal-rights-conference-part-2/
Comes a week after epidural electrical stimulation was shown to be beneficial for slightly different spinal injuries in people. http://speakingofresearch.com/2014/05/09/paralysis-breakthrough-paraplegic-men-move-their-legs/ http://www.christopherreeve.org/site/c.ddJFKRNoFiG/b.9077999/k.8136/Voluntary_movement_shown_in_complete_paralysis.htm
I can't speak on many of the points you raise, but as someone who taught for 3 years under the British equivalent - Teach First - I can offer some opinions.  I do worry about very TF heavy schools - I think that TF'ers get better by taking advantage of the experience of more established teachers.   I do think students can lose - to an extent. For the first 4-6 months I was an appalling teacher - I let down my students and I felt awful about it. My solution was to work longer and longer hours planning, only to arrive exhausted to teach my overprepared lesson. However, the same is true (in the UK) of many going into teaching through other routes. Most teachers in the UK do a standard PGCE where they spend a few months at uni and a school helping another teacher, then slowly taking over classes - many of them are not good teachers. In my experience, when you compared a TF'er and a PGCSE'er after one year, the TF'er was a hands down better teacher. They were in a much better situation in year two when the PGCSE teacher had entirely his own classes, and the TF'er had done so for a year.  The training isn't enough to make anyone a good teacher at the start, and if TFA is anything like TF training, then it isn't meant to be. It's about giving you the evaluating tools, and the legal knowledge to go into a school. TF'ers are expected to teach themselves to teach - by watching, reflecting and evaluating.   It is true many leave to go into other careers, I left after 3 years (2 years being the TF mandatory course). The drop out rates in the UK are similar to that of other training routes for teachers. I actually think teachers doing other things is a good thing - I want people who have been in a classroom leading businesses and political institutions - with the will and understanding to make a change in education.  TF/TFA isn't all good, but it certainly isn't all bad - and I think it has a place in modern education.
Help buying some speakers for both music and movies. Budget - up to 300 including speaker stands.  I already have: Technics SU-C800U pre-amp Technics SE-A800S amp (these can be upgraded in the future) Inputs are 1) CD player, 2) Boxee Box phono jacks (into pre-amp)  Someone suggested I go a slightly "different" way and use Rokit RP5 Active Monitors (thus bypassing the amp completely). Thoughts? or other suggestions?
Except that the EU regulations are the same throughout - so when 50% of the trade must meet one set of regulations it's better to have influence on those standards than not.   The WTO has almost nothing to do with the nature of the regulations and important criteria unless someone is actually putting up protectionist tariffs. The 8% vote isn't the only issue here - it's the seat at the table to discuss it. The vote simply gives you some clout so people will listen.  TTIP would make the world $600 billion better off - you would be a fool to reject it. The faster we abolish most if not all the special protection cases the better. It's stalled because of the political deadlock in the US.   Finally, don't make up stuff about what the EU can and cannot do. The reality is that it HAS suspended talks on Swiss participation in Erasmus+ and Horizon 2020 (worth 80 billion) because of Switzerland blocking the free flow of labour.  Study economics, rather than a UKIP leaflet, you will be more qualified to have this debate.
Herceptin is playing a key part in fighting breast cancer, but the developing world still creates challenges
One week of science research (Dec 6th)
Does Your Dog Love You Back?
or better dexterit  Might try that. I de-set the kit a few weeks back, it's cased up and waiting to be set up in my new house (will be re-skinning as well). The Zil-Bel I might return to putting it on top of the china (felt, china, felt, zil-bel, felt, wingnut).   I have a pearl icon rack in the picture, but too many things to rack everything (it already carried the four high toms and most of the cymbals).   You're correct on the china - I only use the tip on the right hand one. I could invert the left one, not sure if there is much advantage though.
London, I have to go to Hull in a couple of months for work ... yayz..
Activists have been breaking into anial labs and stealing animals. Politicians seem reluctant to step in, instead moving science policy away from animal research. Researchers had a rally to try and explain to the public the importance of such research.   Pro-Test Italia ran the rally on a shoestring rally, and from what I've spoken to them, received no money from any pharmaceutical or university
The mouse study is interesting. It does show significant failings of mouse models for three conditions. It's a good peer reviewed paper.  Note the paper doesn't suggest to stop using animals, it says we need to improve the models. Read this specific reply to the paper in question: http://speakingofresearch.com/2013/02/15/why-mice-may-succeed-in-research-when-a-single-mouse-falls-short/
teklord - you should visit a lab. They are not like the 70s videos you watch online. They are not tortured, research is always done under anaesthetic unless there is a VERY clear reason why this shouldn't be the case (usually because the procedure itself is milder than the anaesthetic injection, such as a blood draw or a breeding experiment).  And what is a failed experiment? If something doesn't work, you learn something, modify your actions, and try again.  In terms of enslaving humans you should read this: http://speakingofresearch.com/2011/12/06/the-gorgons-visit-earth/
Brandon, thank you for your reply.  We are indeed all on the same side in both wishing for further medical advances and wishing for the continued development of alternative methods. The 3Rs, developed by two scientists in the 50s, have been the cornerstone of animal welfare - aiming for the refinement, replacement and reduction of animal research (something we should all agree on). There are some promising technologies in the pipeline that should replace some bits of animal research (lung-on-a-chip is a more recent one), however there is no sign of technologies that can replace all of animal use for medical research, nor is there a sign that new areas won't continue to be developed with a need for animal use.  This link was aimed at informing people on both sides (it was also posted elsewhere) as to how projects are taken from being an idea to a study.  You are right when you say scientifically minded people should go with the best results, and then add a healthy dose of leaning against animal use. However, you cannot get a project approved if there are alternative methods available. In the UK that is checked by the Home Office, in the US it is checked by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee.
For those who are asking for it - here is the original paper: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22654062
Here is a link to the original NYT article: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/02/12/science/testing-of-some-deadly-diseases-on-mice-mislead-report-says.html
I understand that, but sometimes it seems a little "tacked on". The "it's unethical, and even if it was ethical it doesn't work".  However, the scientific arguments against animal research just don't seem to add up - as many of the debunked articles in the link above
The TGN1412 disaster has been the only situation where anyone has even nearly died in Stage I clinical trials that I can name.