You know that I'm joking, right? Sorry, I can't tell if you think I'm serious or if you're playing along with my joke.
Could you please tell us what you've already played so that we know what games we should recommend? The obvious answer is The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt as it is over 200 hours long (as a user has stated before me). Arkham Knight isn't nearly as long, but still a respectable length. Halo: MCC is 4 games in one (5 if you buy [or receive for free if you played MCC around the month span after its release] ODST) with an addictive multiplayer. If you like racing games, Forza Horizon 2 is huge: I've played for God knows how many hours, and am only at 27% game completion.
The Place Beyond the Pines
wow
Wow. Jesus. This was a joke, believe it or not. I just wanted to say, "I just saw Dallas Buyers Club and think that Jared Leto is a great actor and cannot wait to see him play the Joker" without coming off as a Jared Leto fanboy. It might be just me, but I'd prefer to read a silly joke rather than "OMG OMG OMG Jared is like *such* a great actor and i *totes* CANNOT wait to see him play the Joker OMG he's also like super cute no homo."
The Hateful Eight (Quentin Tarantalino is always great), Southpaw (my Jakey Bear is starring), The Revenant (same director as Birdman, so I am very interested), Crimson Peak (del Toro haunted house film), Jane Got a Gun (it's Natalie Portman starring in a western)
Brno
lolwhut
I am 18 years old and have attractive facial features. Blonde. I used to be pretty muscular, but I was hospitalized for anorexia last year, so I pretty much have no muscle now. I'm at a healthy weight now, but I haven't really been lifting weights lately, so I probably have less muscle than the average male, and therefore am less masculine than most men. I'm around 5'11" by the way.
Alrighty, then.
Put the Adore tracks in order from favorite to least favorite.   1. Tear  2. Behold! The Night Mare  3. The Tale of Dusty and Pistol Pete  4. Crestfallen  5. Annie-Dog  6. For Martha  7. Blank Page  8. Once Upon A Time  9. To Sheila   10. Ava Adore  11. Pug  12. Daphne Descends   13. Shame  14. Perfect  15. Appels + Oranjes   16. 17
I mean, if you want to play them, go ahead, but you don't have to play them to understand The Witcher 3. The novels are a good read if you want more story.
I'm sorry, but you have to do something sexual. ass, mouth, vag, in that order. this will show how much you care.
You forgot Halo 5, brah
You forgot The Phantom Pain, brah
No, I'm not saying, "She deserves to be raped." I'm saying that it's laughable that a bunch of horny men starved for sex wouldn't try to rape her.
yeah that's a really good song
Motivation? All you need to know is that Billy Corgan [is always watching and judging your every behavior.](http://vos.lavoz.com.ar/files/imagecache/lvivos_nota_652_366/nota_periodistica/13_Jun_2012_16_18_07_billy-corgan-2012.jpg) That sure motivated me.
right now it's a nish nish for me, but it can turn to an ach yah if you lose some fat
Bruno
what
1200-1400???????? You pig! your diet is not extreme enough. I went on a permacut last year and went from obese to 106 lbs. (M/5'7") and was hospitalized for anorexia. I was eating a maximum of 1400 calories on a ketogenic diet and started eating less and less until I wasn't eating anything at all. (yeah I was joking when I called you a pig; you really shouldn't go down the same path as me, but if you have bellyfat and boobs, you should keep cutting, as it is much healthier to be underweight than overweight)
[Music] If I like the album "Adore" by Smashing Pumpkins, what other songs would I like?
Magoo Senior
ok let's get this over with. my gamertag is Magoo Senior. I need this shirt because I love pugs and if I express my love of pugs I will most definitely get laid. I'm kind of broke so I can't buy it myself. A pug shirt would be a great conversation starter, and I am a very charismatic guy. I am quite handsome, but I need to work on my body. I used to be fat, so I have some loose skin. I probably need loose skin surgery, and I should start lifting again to look aesthetically pleasing to the ladies. I don't imagine that chicks like looking at underweight guys with tits.
plot twist I'm a masochist. whip me, big boy. *rawr*
Doge
No.
*Sigh*  Please, my Son, hold your tongue. You are speaking in the presence of a Father.  A Father Magoo.  ...  Father Magoo has spoken.       "In the Realm of the Garden of Men and Manlets, Father Magoo has spoken. So it is. So it shall be. "
What shoe should I try on to know the size of adiPower I should order?   There aren't any stores that I know of that stock adiPowers, so what shoe has the same fit as the adiPower?
How long is it safe to fast?   With keto I find it very easy to fast for long periods of time without getting hungry. What is the maximum amount of time one should fast?
The Creatine Monster   On a cold Friday afternoon, I had come home from school. I had been thinking of the gym all day. I was hungry, didn't have any lunch. In fact, I didn't eat because I spent the money. For the past month I was saving up for something. Something special which I bought at GNC. I was surprised they didn't ask for ID; I was pretty sure the cashier noticed how nervous I was. Anyways, my mom asked my how my day was when I got home, but I ignored her. I have more important things to do. I run to the bathroom and unpack my bag. In my school bag is a white plastic bag from GNC. I open the bag, first removing the receipt and flushing it down the toilet to get rid of the evidence. My heart was racing now. I unpack the creatine monster from the bag.  I wonder what people will be asking me when they see that I will be 50lbs heavier. Should I say I was just eating a lot? I remove the label from the tub and tear it into a thousand small pieces. I flush that down the toilet, too. It is time now. I run up to my room when my mom ask me what I am holding. I panic, sweat drips down my forehead and my teeth chatter. "Mom, it's just for a school project". "What project?" "I don't know mom I just started it!". A tear runs down my cheek. I run upstairs and open the creatine, scooping upservings into a clear water bottle. What have I gotten myself into? I fill it with water and drink it. There is no turning back now. The creatine monster is inside me now, it will control me. What should I do if I die? I cant let my family know about this.  I open the creatine tub and throw it all out the window; a white cloud of mysterious dust sparkles into the wind so graciously. I feel the substance taking control of me; I am now the monster. I walk downstairs, its time to work out; time to get big. Now I worry, I don't want to get too big; people will think I use steroids. I do use steroids. No I don't. Creatine. All I see is the weights now, I am almost downstairs when I hear "Do you want a cookie I just baked?" I know I do not have time for this shit now. "No mom I do not want a fucking cookie." I walk in the basement and drop to my knees before the weights, tears running down my cheeks. I turn to the right and look at myself in the mirror. Oh god, what have I done?