How to be awesome
This horse must be from the US
Wise words from Jesus
Silly teachers
He's also dead.
Luckily the second one turned out well
Poor little guy...
Classic Homer
Oh Shakespeare
I feel you brother
Freaking hipsters
Poor Jane
You sick fuck
Red head or ginger? There is a distinction
*cough* Doctor Who *cough cough*
BISON CORAL
I hiked kokohead crater in flip-flops earlier this summer. My mom refused to tell me what it was. She just said "some people can do it in under 20 minutes" when I asked her how long it was. Little did I know she was referring to Olympic athletes and triathletes trying to get in shape. It didn't go over too well
*golden-haired
See, I appreciated the first person telling me this. Because I honestly had no idea who made it. But you are now the 8th person to say it and give the link. There are 47 *other* people here who have mentioned it's a repost. Yes. I get it. It is a repost. Thank you for telling me 55 times.
Cruelty of angels
He'd be so distracted with how that joke makes no sense you could nail him right between the eyes.
Wait, no. I was wrong. The capitalization isn't wonky enough to be Jaden Smith.
I'd rather throw Joffrey in
I giggled.
**The warded man, by Peter V. Brett**
Fuckin white people I swear
I work at a fast food restaurant as a cashier. When people come up to the counter and say "gimme a double double. Gimme some fries. Gimme a chocolate shake." I want to PUNCH THEM IN THE FACE. The word "gimme" is the epitome of rudeness as far as "words to request something" go. Just because I work in a fast food restaurant doesn't mean you need to be a total dick, dick.
Open a fidelity investments account
Fuck. I just posted that. Didn't see this. Damn. Fuck. Damn.
Sorry in advance buuuuuttttttt he sounds like a dick. (I'm a guy btw) You make it sound like you're trying and you want to be great for him, and he is just using you as a hole for sex. The fact that he "doesn't talk during sex" really shouldn't be an excuse for why he isn't helping you build your confidence. Now I realize that telling you this isn't going to help at all, it isn't really constructive. This is just feedback and my opinion on what I'm noticing from your post. I would suggest working out. Many people that I know who had similar problems with confidence found themselves growing more comfortable with their bodies and abilities as lovers when they exercise frequently. Honestly sex feels great. I have sex all the time and it doesn't really matter what she does, it always feels nice. If she does a little extra stuff that feels cool too, but almost no matter what you do he will enjoy it and like it a lot. Don't freak out about it :)
We're in a drought
I recently hit that age where I'm doing it twice a week, aflush with cash, and confident in life and my assertions of right and wrong (lol let's see how long that lasts). Still living with my Parents (both of whom are undergoing serious midlife-crises). Life is good :)