Opinions are fun!  e: comment above me originally said "I won't".  e2: commenter above me has now referred to his original comment, making edit #1 superfluous. This edit may also be superfluous. But if I could just bring everyone's attention back to me for a second, that'd be great. Not for any particular reason. I'm just a slut like that.
I just sucked blood out of a boob... [Body Issue]   Me and my FWB were fucking around with each other on the couch roughhousing, and I pinned her down and started sucking on her boob (not the nipple) really hard to give her a huge hickey, and when I pulled away I tasted iron in my mouth. Turns out it was blood. Not a lot, but when I wiped the spot where I was sucking you could clearly see it. And it was on my tongue.  How the fuck did I just suck blood out of her titty!? Can someone please explain this?
THe annoying part is that GallowBoob is actually a really good looking guy. He posted a pic of himself in his sub, IIRC. And this is coming from a man normally petty enough to denigrate other men sheerly for their better looks.
You're totally right. A simple link to wikipedia is far better than writing an intensely well researched article in the New Yorker, a known rag for shills and pansy liberals. A tip of the hat to you, good sir. You've bested Ms Lepore.
did... did you just say meow?
doot doot
Cheers brother! And thanks for being the first to post. Hopefully we can help this sub grow and find like-minded redditors.
Obligatory "I haven't seen this, and I fucking loved it."  If a single irrelevant post gets you this irritated, I think you need to cut down on the redditing.
After intense deliberation and uproar from the community, /r/Bermuda has buckled and is no longer private.   I know. I know. This has come as a shock to all of us, but the mod team for /r/Bermuda felt it best that we reopen the community, and will endeavor to stick it to Pao in the days ahead, whatever way we can.
I actually worked with this dive company for a summer. Lived in Bermuda my whole life. We are miles ahead of the world when it comes to marine protection. We first protected turtles in 1620 and have always had strict catch limits. The fish OP is holding has been a part of that dive since it first started. Nothing's ever happened to it.
I thought that's what your father's friends were for. My dad's buddy gave me the whole rundown on what to do.  "Carlos, one day you're going to find your hand on a girl's boob. And it's gonna be great. But you're quickly going to realize you have no idea what to do once you get it there. Sit down, kiddo. We need to talk."
[Every time I see one of your comments.](http://i.imgur.com/NQHKSVE.gif)
That's exactly what I was saying. They give airtime to morons. Their actual reporters are sound.
So because other developers have done really cool stuff with a tiny budget, other developers should do that too? That doesn't make much sense, but ok. And how do you know it's not about funding the game? Can you provide a source for that, or are you just guessing because it looks like they're money grubbing whores?  If it wasn't for advertising, my industry would be dead because the money we make selling our product is JUST enough for us to make a new product every four months. That pain is shared by a LOT of others.
I've tried this at least a dozen times. Never worked. You're like an anal loving unicorn...
the fuck outta here with that weak ass frou frou bullshit. It's piqued.   http://grammarist.com/spelling/peak-peek-pique/
Time lapse of a chameleon changing colour
The High Commission for Human Rights at the UN?
Here's the thing...
Venezuela?
Honestly, I love moments like this purely for the quick little glimpse it gives into a person's real nature. I live in a majority black country and grew up thinking all my white friends weren't racist. But over time, every now and then, one of them would let slip a moment like this, and I'm grateful every time. I don't say anything, just make a mental note, then slowly eek them out of my life.  EDIT: I'm not talking about wee little moments of prejudice, or politically incorrect views. I'm talking about flashes of outright racism. It's something I hate with the core of my being and it fundamentally changes my view of people to the point that I don't want to know them anymore.
Thine network is Telus  FTFY
Found the purple.   #Grey4Lyf
Not trivial at all, especially since the DP was [Shane Hurlbut.](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0403397/) So, not exactly like he's going to ruin the guy's career.  I've done really small time broadcast news, and I'd get super pissed if anyone, let alone the director of photography, was walking around in front of me during filming. Everyone knew not to do that.   How the fucking DP of a major motion film doesn't know that is actually pretty astounding.
I've reported on the rehabilitation of non-violent drug offenders for a while now. Was given unprecedented access into a drug treatment court, which is not open to the public or press. Wrote a solid 15+ articles on the subject for my country's national daily paper. Was interviewed by a PhD student studying the same thing for their dissertation. Was thanked profusely by the lawyers involved in the process (who are some of the most genuine lawyers I've ever met). Basically, everyone who knew anything about the subject was super stoked that it was getting coverage, and a lot of it.  Every article I wrote received little to no attention. The comments came in on the web version were derisory, often along the lines of: "Yeah, I'd fake being 'rehabilitated' as well if it meant getting out of jail."  I can't speak for other nations, but to me the problem is clearly with the public's perception of drug addiction. There is still the prevailing mentality that people do this to themselves, and they get what they deserve. Up until those articles I was as gung-ho about drug reform as you could get. After seeing how much the public actually cares, I've lost every last bit of optimism. My only hope is that enough countries begin taking such approaches, so countries like mine can see just how powerful this kind of rehabilitation can be.  EDIT: THANK YOU FOR THE [GOOOOOOOOOOOOOLD](http://i.imgur.com/86etTSn.gif)
Whenever I watch a game with the English side of my family and we go down a goal, they all tell me to go take a piss so we can score. Its worked a solid number of times actually.
Yeah... I get that my comment came across that way. But there are a lot of circumstances to my personal relationship and how it ended that has resulted in me being a lot more judicious with who invest myself emotionally in. No sense going into them, this isn't /r/relationships, but for clarity's sake it's not my trust in women that has gone specifically, it's the realization that the person I choose to give myself to wholeheartedly can at any given moment turn around and leave me with my dick in the wind. I doubt that person would ever be a man, so it's not a leap to say that relationship has left me wary of any woman I should want to spend my life with.
Spot on. I've had a handful of crashes, all but one of them have been because of someone else in a car. The one that wasn't, I ran over a nail that popped my tyre. I've got a theory that a lot of road accidents could be avoided by less restrictive speed limits, and the same logic applies to riding vs driving. In a car it's easy to switch off because of the feeling of security a car provides. If you're on a bike, you're acutely aware that you could go flying 50 feet in the air and land in a ditch if anyone makes a wrong move. Now who is going to be the more cautious driver?
The fact that she, armed with only a bachelor's degree in early childhood education, took over an entire magazine when her husband died suddenly, and not only kept the business afloat but managed to cut all our debt, rebrand the magazine, launch four more magazines, publish 12 books, find the most awesome, caring, creative man to love, and raise two kids all at the same time. She also rips mad bongs. Mom's an OG4Lyf.
I've found that this ESPECIALLY applies to writing on a deadline. In fact, writing on a deadline is where I learned this the most. "Don't be afraid to write a shitty lede." Chances are if you're writing on a deadline that requires such precision, you're already a good writer. So "shit" is relative. If I have to have 1800 words in quick, I disregard all thoughts of structure or my lede, parcel the story out, then arrange it in an informative and, hopefully, captivating structure. Then go through and tweak each paragraph so it has a smooth, logical flow.
You're right. I wish that wasn't the case though. I had to read a lot of academic literature as a newspaper reporter and quickly realised I had no objective way of judging what I was reading. It was just too bogged down in a jargon I was totally unfamiliar with, and I didn't have the time to become familiarised. I think that's the problem with science and media right now. Neither industry makes much of an effort to communicate with each other in a way everyone will understand. The stuff that IS well communicated is usually the stuff scientists complain about getting stupid amounts of coverage.
What? C'mon now this is nonsense. I like the spirit of this sub. This is more RP crap.