Scientists have achieved the total synthesis of a scarce natural marine product that may become a powerful cancer-fighting agent  the molecule shishijimicin A. Lab tests more than a decade ago proved it to be more than 1,000 times as toxic to cancer cells as the anticancer drug taxol
A blind teacher in southern France was baffled to be called in to supervise students during a an exam. Despite her appeals that she wasn't est suited, her school forced her to do it.
Diagnosing Ebola in minutes: Researchers from Harvard Medical School have shown that a new, commercially developed rapid-diagnostic Ebola test performed at bedside was as sensitive as the conventional laboratory-based method used for clinical testing during the recent outbreak in Sierra Leone.
Giant Galaxy is Still Growing: For the first time a team of astronomers has been able to track the motions of 300 glowing planetary nebulae to find clear evidence of this event and also found evidence of excess light coming from the remains of the totally disrupted victim.
An analysis published in JAMA Internal Medicine found that 75% of American men and 67% of American women ages 25 and older are now overweight or obese...and a depressing sign that campaigns to get Americans to eat healthier and exercise more may be failing.
Trumps politics by hammer "he believes that everything crossing his mind is worthy of expression, without being edited or organized for the benefit of others. So we get a spew of Trumps gut feelings. They tend to be resentful of outsiders; immigrants are depicted as 'rapists' and drug runners."
How a Billionaire Heiress Cracked the Premier League Boys Club: Katharina Liebherr, the only female owner in the English Premier League, orchestrated the most successful EPL season for once-struggling Southampton.
The new drug that causes users to rip off their clothes and attack with super-human strength I dont know that weve ever had anything thats been imported into Florida thats been more dangerous, Broward Sheriff Scott Israel said. Sometimes it takes five or six deputies to subdue a person."
Tiny origami robot self-folds, walks and recycles itself: Made by scientists at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, a 1.7-centimetre-long origami robot made of plastic and containing a magnet can be "programmed" by an external magnetic field. [+video]
ISIS Is Winning the Social Media War, U.S. Concludes: An internal State Department assessment paints a dismal picture of the efforts by the Obama administration and its foreign allies to combat the ISs message machine, portraying a fractured coalition that cannot get its own message straight.
Jeb Bushs recipe for a better society: Shame "his underlying philosophy is clear, and its consistent with attitudes weve seen among conservatives now in power ...: that the main reason people are broke, unmarried, in prison or unemployed is because its all just too much gosh-darn fun"
We arent the copyright cops, ICANNs president says: The Internet is inching ever closer to becoming the equal, nonpartisan network it was always meant to be. And one of the top officials leading that charge is vowing not to let any single corporate or govt derail that project  including the U.S.
Dazzling jewels from an Ethiopian grave reveal 2,000-year-old link to Rome: 2,000-year-old treasures from the Roman empire and the Aksumite kingdom, which ruled parts of north-east Africa for several centuries before 940AD, have been discovered by British archaeologists in northern Ethiopia.
A key bill cracking down on patent trolls just got closer to becoming law "The Senate Judiciary Committee just approved a version of the Patent Act, a bill that makes it harder for patent owners to file lawsuits against businesses such as start-ups, restaurants, coffee shops, florists ..."
Researchers tie unexpected brain structures to creativity  and to stifling it: A new study is the first to directly implicate the cerebellum in the creative process. As for the brains higher-level executive-control centers? Not so much.
A study, published today in Nature, demonstrates that ocean circulation is the link between weather and decadal scale climatic change. These findings imply that the global climate is on the verge of a broad-scale change that could last for a number of decades.
Russians seized in Ukraine: We were following Moscow's orders "Why are they turning their backs on me?" he was quoted as saying by the Russian weekly Novaya Gazeta. "There was an order. I gave my oath to the motherland ... There was an order and, as a military man, I carried it out."
Why do men exist? A new study used 50 generations of beetles to examine just how important sexual selection is to the survival of a species: Males are required for a process known as "sexual selection" which helps species to ward off disease and avoid extinction.
Here is the peer-reviewed journal entry: http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0010945214002883
Here is the peer-reviewed journal entry: http://www.jneurosci.org/content/34/41/13811.abstract
Here is the peer-reviewed journal entry: http://www.nature.com/mp/journal/vaop/ncurrent/full/mp2014107a.html
Right but this is not the case here "But Americans' lean toward conservatism is also steadily dissipating, and that goes for both economic and social issues. In fact, the conservative advantage in both of those areas is as low as it has been (or lower) than at any point since the start of the 21st Century, according to Gallup." He is clearly referring to 2 different issues. A lot of titles in r/politics does that.
Thank you, nallen. Thing is, I hesitated before submitting the story due to its writing not only over the top title (and accompanied image). I should have known better.
Sorry about that! Thanks for the heads-up!
Here is the peer-reviewed journal entry (free): http://dx.doi.org/10.1073/pnas.1400184111
Here is the peer-reviewed journal entry (pay-wall): http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/ncomms4218
Thank you, sir!
While I agree with you that the treatment of women and LGBT in Islamic countries is beyond horrible. The practice is unfortunately not limited to Muslim countries - we still have these issues in other religions and other western countries.  Also, wearing the Burqa is something that predates all three main religions (Judaism, Christianity and Islam): http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Purdah  I would also like to see these "billboards that are sometimes used to slut shame women" - I am curios as I have never heard or seen such billboards.
Every time they plug a hole another opens. I don't know if the solution for Greece is getting out of the EU but I do know the Greeks are paying a very heavy price for all this borrowing that has taken them no where.
Editor in Chief of The Guardian, Alan Rusbridger, did a BBC interview about the incident. You can watch it here: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-23770301
Here is the peer-reviewed journal entry: http://dx.doi.org/10.1021/nl401633y
This might help answer that question: http://spectrum.ieee.org/aerospace/astrophysics/what-curiosity-will-and-wont-teach-us-about-martian-life  Over the years, planetary scientists have had to significantly revise their expectations for what they might find. In 1976, when the first successful Mars landersViking 1 and Viking 2reached the planets surface, many had high hopes that the spacecrafts instruments would be able to settle whether lifeeven simple microbial lifeexisted on the Red Planet. Each of the Viking landers carried a suite of instruments, including a combination gas chromatograph/mass spectrometer that was designed to detect organic compounds liberated from heated samples. But none of the Viking instruments found convincing evidence for the existence of life, or even its most basic ingredients.  About 30 years later, NASAs Phoenix Mars Lander made a discovery that may explain why the Viking spacecraft came up dry. In 2008, Phoenix found abundant amounts of the potent oxidizing agent perchlorate in the Martian soil. Perchlorate can destroy organic compounds released during sample heating, and it may also be able to destroy organic material in the upper layers of Martian soil, well before it is scooped into a spacecraft sample chamber. The surmise is that, if organic compounds exist on Mars, perchlorate may have prevented them from being picked up by Vikings instruments.  Curiosity could finally settle that question. The rovers Sample Analysis at Mars (SAM) instrument includes a mass spectrometer and a gas chromatograph, just as the Viking spacecraft did. But each of these instruments now boasts much better capabilities. Working in concert, they will be able to detect trace amountsat the level of a few parts per billionof organic compounds released from the stepwise heating of samples retrieved from surface soils and cores of rocks. Although this level of sensitivity isnt too different from Vikings, Curiosity will be able to heat the samples up to greater than 1000 C, twice the peak temperature of the Viking instrument set. That will help liberate materials that might otherwise stay trapped and inert in a sample. Whats more, SAMs analysis protocol calls for adding substances that can reduce the temperatures at which organic compounds are released from samples. Perchlorate salts are thought to be released only at higher temperatures, and with this procedure, samples will be heated to only 350 C, which should reduce their tendency to decompose.