Afters ice cream!
"Milky Bun" - An ice cream donut sandwich from Orange County, CA [3024x5376] [OC]
Recipe?
This place looks delicious, do you have any suggestions?
Roughly how much are their cakes?
Thank you!
First time Craigslist buyer, need some advice!   I'm trying to buy a car and I'm looking at ads on Craigslist, would you recommend I buy a used car on Craigslist or is it a bad idea? I've found a car I would really like but I'm afraid that it's a bad idea.
AT T HTC One M7 stuck on 4.1.2, can't update it!   I just bought the phone off someone and the software is still at 4.1.2. I tried to manually update it from the RUU provided by HTC website but my phone gets stuck at the 'loading bootloader' and causes the phone to disconnect from my laptop, ending the updating process. On top of that it gets stuck on a black screen that just says HTC and the only way to restart the phone is by pressing power and volume down button. Is there a way to fix it or something or am I doomed to forever use 4.1.2 (I had Verizon's HTC One M7 at 4.4.2 and I love the UI and the personalization feel of it)  Note: Phone is not rooted or anything
I use to do it every day whenever I have tickets, now I'm just whatever still in bronze... This update made me feel less incline to play. I don't mind the grind but I don't know I lost my drive :( please come back i love this game
Why does the meat double?
I just got my D'Art after failing a bunch of times (I run 6* Alex 6* Himiko and 5* Naz, it works ok I just used bella because I forgot to switch to sera.) :)
I fell asleep when I did mine. Himiko could only do so much...... I got boss to half health then dozed off a little... I applaud your patience because I did it for like 20 minutes but gave up when I fell asleep again
Oooo thanks, I just randomly use all my bread
I have enough hamburgers to open a Burger joint or two...
New player, need help!   I recently started playing Crusader Quest about less than a week ago and I already have a 5* No. 9 and a 4* Alex, I heard about the Alex/Susanoo/No. 9 combo and I'm almost there.... problem is that every time I promote a warrior, I get Joan. Four promotes in and all I've gotten is Joan. I pulled Joan from a Premium too. Do the RNG gods hate me or.... is this some secret bug or something :( or is this really normal??
Bellonova "MapleLuck" smega spam happens all the time...
Well this really sucks...
Correct!
Actually it's Paula Deen here with a secret: butter.
Sadly I don't have a recipe but if you're ever by Berkeley, find KoJa Kitchen!
Going on the down escalator...  and spiders. and bugs that fly.
First thing I noticed were your nails. They look so perfect and perfect.
It was Berkeley. [it all makes sense now!!!] -Someone from Oakland.
I always surprise him with mystery gifts... he then complains about having to main that champ. D: But he still takes them, then tries to pay me back... in love.   My wallet is empty because mystery giftssssss so purdyyyy. Like, what if I gift someone SGU!? I know I got myself Pulsefire when I gifted myself.
So should I just build around where I originally spawn? How do I navigate these hills?
assassin master yi
UC Irvine doesn't have a football team...
Went through HUNDREDS of goody bags and haven't found any kittens :( (Okay, I lied, it was like a few bags)
It's a goody bag, not sure about the pumpkin pet.
I am... PUMPKIN QUEEN
Still available?
he IS SudokuDennis