No I have only all the images, still awaiting the report. But requested the images so I can look a bit by myself because it's pretty cool to see your own heart in such a quality!  Edit: when I have the report i'm willing to share it.
Soccer a ball for soccer is only 30 bucks.
Thank you for the kind words. Yeah it sucks big time, especially at such a relatively young age.  Thanks again!
Verse cashewnoten?
Not entirely on topic, but I life in Delft and I HIGHLY recommend you to join a Studentenvereniging (Student association/students unionI have no clue what the right english translation is). I see a lot of Asian people or other foreigners how are missing a great deal of fun.   But back on topic: Klokhuis, Journaal, Jeugdjournaal and maybe some cartoons you have in Asia also where you know the story line from already, that would make it a bit easier.
touch
Wow she is good looking!
Why do so much people hate Jews?   Last 2 years or so the hate against Jews is seriously thru the roof.
That would be terrible, although I think he will just go to work tomorrow, he should be way to happy with the new job that something like this shouldn't knock him out!
Thanks for your response!  Well I was wondering why they last so short, because I know it's a highly complex organ, but it is still a pump the only thing it has to do is pump blood around.   My GP once told me that those people most of the time die from severe skin cancer and stuff like, also what you mentioned because of infections.  Are there any cases where people didn't needed immunosuppressants? If so, did their transplanted hearts last longer?
Hello and Thanks! Have installed this a couple of months ago. Only some apps, just don't fit in nicely and don't work flawless.  It does work only not 100% and 75% of the consumers wouldn't understand how this works or its to hard for them to install.  Either way thanks for the tip!
Don't think this is the reason of the crash, the co-pilot is still a fully trained pilot.
you?
Die beargumentatie slaat natuurlijk nergens op.
drugs legaal? Ben je niet goed?
Steve is on steroids.
Off course you need a MVP but I would develop that, make a business plan and then go to the big investors, in some way you have to hand them some proof and you need to show you are well prepared and know where you are talking about.  The way the valley works is not really representative for the rest of the world and you forget that 80% of the startups don't make it or even a higher percentage. But we all know there are really brilliant products in the valley who simply don't make it because of lack of management and wrong planning.  My uncle and the fiance of my mother always said, you can seriously see in a business plan if a company is gonna make or break it and when something doesn't work in a business plan you can always rethink it.  I do like the idea a lot to get in front of your potential customer and get feedback. Although I would consider this as acquisition. This is also very important in your business plan.
Thanks!
Hydrogen my friend hydrogen.
You nailed it.
Seriously why is she on Tinder? If she absolutely hates everything and her intentions aren't dating?
Recommending The Men Who Built America.
Thanks for responding! Back then the cardiologist told it was an artifact. When I get out of breath more I will definitely call the hospital to ask what is best to do. Thanks!
Watched the movie again last week and it was truly a joy te see it again. Also the list of actors in the movie is pretty impressive.
Breathtaking hypocrisy: Germany owes Greece 11 billion euros in unpaid loans  Prides Purge // Clickbait or true story?
Yes!
Really thanks allot!  Made my mind a bit at ease and gave me a solid plan! Thanks a million!  I can't help you back with medical question but if you have some marketing questions feel free to ask!
Thanks for your reply again! I had the MRI a year ago so i ordered an echocardiogram to see if it progressed stayed the same or got less in a really easy way because an MRI is very expensive. I do have the report from that: http://imgur.com/LnNv88i   But i think i'm gonna ask for the special echocardiogram that seems pretty reasonable.  Well i was focused on the heart rate because it is something what you can count and give an exact number. For instance headache is a bit hard to describe in the amount of pain and exactly locate it.
Thanks allot!  Your explanations are very friendly and clear to understand! I do have an appointment this monday by phone with my Endocrinologist. But the communication with the EP is not ideal because he is in surgery room 4 1/2 days from the 5 days in the week in the biggest hospital of the Netherlands but he is a very friendly men and I don't really doubt about his knowledge!
I life in Delft that almost perfect because your are between the hague and Rotterdam! You should defenelty check that out! And If you come to Delft would you like to take a nice Swedish girl for me with you?  Thanks in advance and welcome!  you can use http://www.funda.nl it's the biggest apartment and housing site of Holland.
I do understand you but this is how i stand in this. They get paid a good amount of money to be totally up to date of the treatment options in there speciality and choose the right treatment. The only thing i can do is say it's working or it isn't and explain what i'm experiencing as precisely as possible . I truly want to spend my time on my own work and doing fun things and not researching. A doctor should explain to me what the risks are and side effects. But maybe i'm totally wrong here? Well in my home country with the different issues that's fixed because we have GP's how have the "helicopter view" over you medical situation and they refer you to the specialist. You can't go to a specialist by yourself.
Dit is eigenlijk een punt waar je het nooit over eens zal worden.. Wil je die lui gewoon thuis laten zitten en uitkering laten trekken? Nee! Maar ze ander mans banen laten afnemen wil je ook niet.   De overheid moet gewoon gaan investeren in het eigenland door middel van bijvoorbeeld de dijken te laten ophogen of weet ik veel wat maar zodat we banen creren. Zo is iedereen blij.