'Trainwreck,' Amy Schumer, and the Power of the Ladyjerk character in fiction
Ta-Nehisi Coates's new book speaks resolutely to black America (but should be read by all)
Sure, but I don't think that the appeal of Iron Man or any other comic film has to do with Tony Stark's position on tariffs or school vouchers. It's just the power fantasy, and fun to see big explosions.   Also, on a narrative level having an individual overcome enemies through their own boot-strappiness is always going to work better for a story. So when you are writing about superheros fighting governments or rival armies or whatever, it's always going to lean to this right wing individualism thing.
The ghostwriter, the secret plot and a grave-robbing Stieg Larsson sequel
When I write, should I lean for a more "neutral" text, or more of something that the character would say?  There is no "should" or "shouldn't" here. Lots of amazing books come from an omniscient or neutral 3rd person POV, and lots of other amazing books use what is called "close 3rd person" or "free and direct speech" (that's when you dip into the characters heads, and thus speak more child-like when using POV of child).   There is no right or wrong though, it depends on how you like to write and what you want to achieve.
Yeah that is an idiotic article.   No matter what you think about the whole issue, Amazon is working to undercut prices to levels that aren't sustainable for print books and which put bookstores out of business leaving Amazon with a monopoly on distribution.   Now, you can certainly think the above is fine and say that ebooks are the future, print and physical bookstores should die, and that if Amazon becomes a monopoly another eretailer will emerge to compete. I've seen plenty of people here even argue that publishers should all die and serve no purpose. I disagree, but that's fine. Still,  it is certainly easy to understand "why publishers are hostile"!
check this list, it's the best place to start (for "literary" work at least) http://cliffordgarstang.com/?p=4777
Anticipation is high for Harper Lee's 'Go Set a Watchman.' Will it live up to 'To Kill a Mockingbird'?
Most Anticipated: The Great Second-Half 2015 Book Preview
Highly successful authors will achieve a measure of success with anything they publish, but they are still most associated with, and have most of their sales in, one genre  Well, part of that is just a human need to put everything into a simple little box. It's much easier for critics and readers to think of people as doing just x or just y. This is especially true as time passes. As we move on, writers of the past get relegated to only a couple works that are representative.   How many people have read a Bram Stoker novel other than Dracula, for example? But he wrote a bunch! In the future, lots of authors we think have tons of great works will be remembered for only 1 or 2 and easily pigeonholed as representative of this or that specific style
The 2015 Locus Awards Winners have been announced
I read every single post on Dean Wesley Smith's site about publishing and it comes down to the same thing. Write more books.  This is generally true, but not always true.   Jonathan Franzen is one of the best selling authors in recent history (not quite JK Rowling level, but his last two novels were in the top 5 best sellers the years they came out) and he only puts out a book every few years.
Haruki Murakami: The Moment I Became a Novelist  Literary Hub (x-post /r/writing)
The Best New Books Released This Summer: A Guide
Oh, last month? The book is City on Fire by Garth Risk Hallberg (might have the name slightly misspelled). Comes out this winter I think.   It's totally rare, but that's just an extreme example. Even if you publish a book with a small indie press that only pays you 1,000 dollars, they will send a hundred or more review copies out, get your book distributed to bookstores, set up readings, radio interviews, and the like.   Presses do a lot of marketing work.
To your first point, let me quote her:     **If the usual big-fantasy detail is taken out and you only sketch a plot, you get a fairytale.** If you write real high fantasy in 4,000 words, details and all, it tends to be a snippet, not a story. **If its something set in a basically real world but with a fantasy element, its not fantasy so much as speculative fiction**, or alternative history, or a ghost story. That means that there is an **incredibly narrow taxonomical window in which short fiction can be recognised as fantasy at all.**  So I really do think she's defining everything that's urban fantasy, fable-like, short, magical realism, etc. as "not fantasy." She says the "taxanomical window" is super narrow.    As for the likes of Jeff VanderMeer, he's a SF writer and I've said a few times in this thread the "mega novel" is nowhere near as prevalent in science fiction as fantasy.
I do think that sci fi gets to short cut a lot of world building because it is by-and-large our world, with some significant differences.  Honestly, I think this is not true on two levels.   1) Plenty of SF takes place on totally alien worlds (The Left Hand of Darkness, Dune, Consider Phelbas, etc.)  2) Plenty of fantasy is by-and-large our world in the past plus some significant differences. Like, is A Song of Ice and Fire any further away from Medieval Europe than Do Androids Dream... was from 1968 America?
A Happy Sort of Pessimism: The Millions Interviews James Hannaham
Good post!
I wouldn't go so far as to say it is "bad" but I think he has some major flaws. Style is subjective, but here are some things I can see people disliking:   1) He is a little too enamored of his fake/archaic english words and it starts getting silly seeing "nuncle" "wroth" "leal" and "boiled leather" every other sentence. (He also uses some of those words, like "wroth" incorrectly)  2) His interior thoughts have always struck me as needlessly repetitive. He makes his characters state things that we already know.   3) His characters are often pretty one deminsional and kind of comically focused on singular things. Now, I know someone is going to tell me that his characters are really dynamic over the course of the whole series... that is somewhat true. But those books are HUGE. The 5 ASOIAF are about the size of 30 normal novels. If it takes you 30 novels to make your characters change and grow, that's not that impressive. If you read AGOT, the characters are mostly pretty flat.   4) He relies why too much on fake out cliffhangers.   5) In general, I can't remember a single sentence from the books. I can't even really remember much atmosphere or mood. All I remember is plot.   Ultimately I agree with you that his prose is "not brilliant" but "solid." I don't agree that it is a "strong voice" though! It's a preetty forgettable voice outside of his use of archaic english words and made up fantasy terms. If you took a few of his sentences and removed those elements, you'd never be able to pick his prose out of a line-up in the way you could Faulkner or Hemingway or whoever truly has a strong voice.
Except as the author of the article points out, Patterson and Koontz use stock characters and plots as well but do not suffer the same derision in the public eye.  Gotta disagree totally here.   There is lots of sexism in the publishing world. I think, all else being equal, a female writer is less likely to be reviewed, less likely to be taken seriously, and less likely to be a best seller. I also think it's true that Romance is looked down upon, perhaps partly for gender reasons.   But the idea that Patterson and Koontz aren't the butts of jokes? Those are just horrible examples. There are lots of threads on this forum alone where people ask why everyone calls Patterson or Koontz hacks.   I also think it's true, as others above have pointed out, that genre may matter more than gender. male romance authors like Nicholas SParks are constantly mocked. OTOH, female authors in other genres (Rowling, Flynn, Tartt, whoever you want to name) are hardly automatically looked down upon.   Does Koontz get less mockery than Roberts? Maybe, but it's like saying Shaq is short because Yao Ming is taller. It makes zero sense to say that Koontz or Patterson (or Dan Brown or a dozen other widely mocked popular authors) get a "free pass"
Two Sad Puppies Authors Withdraw Their Work From This Year's Hugo Awards
There's a bit of confusion about all this because there are three lists: The actual Hugo nominees, the Sad Puppies ballot, and the Rabid Pubbies ballot.   I said that the actual nominees were largely conservative white men, with Wright getting six nominations and a brand new publishing house, run by Vox Day, getting 9. That's 100% true.   The Rabid Puppies list was done by Vox Day, who is openly racist and was kicked out of the SFWA for calling a black author a "half-savage" and other things. His list was not diverse in the least.   The Sad Puppies list was slightly more diverse... but only slightly. I think it's funny that the SP got EW to issue a correction, but we can actually judge the diversity for ourselves:   https://bradrtorgersen.wordpress.com/2015/02/01/sad-puppies-3-the-2015-hugo-slate/  The Best Novel category is 5 white men. (Note: some people on reddit have been saying Correia is Latino. He's a white american of Portuguese descent)  Best Novella is 3 white men.   Best Novellete is 4 white men and one non-white man.   So... no, the Sad Puppies are not diverse. There isn't a single woman until the fourth category, and there are a only a handful of non-white authors on the whole list.
Heh, I copy and pasted the title but it's about a 2015 award for 2014 books
If you have legitimate reasons to not read a book--such as actual PTSD, which is a real thing not just "feeling icky" at curse words--then you teacher will almost certainly give you some alternative. Teachers are normally pretty sensitive to that kind of thing.   if you don't actually have any real pyschological need to avoid a book, but just don't want to see words like "penis" or "piss" then your teacher will likely roll their eyes at you.   Again, I don't see what this has to do with Clean Reader. Trigger warnings are for things that can trigger PTSD. This app does not scrub out rape scenes or violent war scenes. It just changes curse words and some body part terms.
You've got more faith than me. Books 4 and 5 introduce a ton of plot lines that I think will take him a lot of effort and time to clear up.   People say "oh, he can just kill everyone!' But the problem is that lots of characters have been set up as major movers and shakers and they will all have to do something meaningful before the end: Varys, Littlefinger, Bran, Dany, Jon Snow, Arya, Euron, etc. etc.   We'll see though!
I agree with you, BUT fantasy is always flexible as a metaphor. There are dozens of articles online about how the "high lords" destroying the country without caring about the small folk is like our current wealth inequality era, or how the white walkers can represent climate change (the great threat that we are all ignoring while focusing on smaller political battles), and so on and so forth.
I'd also say that the general idea that "literary fiction" can't sell well is just wrong. Many literary fiction titles make the NYT best seller lists each year.
The great novels of the English language where never written as Literary fiction, but as entertainment.   Sorry but this is totally a-historical.   First off, there wasn't really a divide between 'literary fiction" and popular commercial fiction in the past because... the common people couldn't or didn't read!   Jane Austen's work was written for--and read by--the rich upper class elitists.   Shakespeare did have the groundlings, but he was also employed by the fucking king! About as elite as you can get.   And you are going to tell me that James Joyce, Virginia Woolf, and so on were not writing literary fiction? Just entertaining yarns the equivalent of popcorn flicks?
Ah, since there are only 5 books I thought you meant the first three with "earlier" books.
The Buried Giant: An exclusive extract from Kazuo Ishiguro's long-awaited fantasy novel
Good example of how the "art just wants to be free" mindset really hurts writing. Yes, people still want to write even if they aren't making a lot of money, but the writing is more rushed, less researched, etc.:    The previous day, Id spoken to John Vaillant, one of Canadas most acclaimed literary journalists. He said he knows writers who are rushing to finish important, research-heavy, non-fiction books in a matter of months  books that would normally require years of work  because thats all they can afford to do.   You have good people doing half-baked work against their better judgment and inclination, he said. Im seeing writers make those compromises.