Double Dare 2000
Nah, jenny said they just met for some kisses
Some cool footage of Nakayama Hakudo
How have I been pandered? Though I think he should be removed from office (Which is actually being discussed in Maine) for the stunts he pulls, I have to admit that he is very straight forward with his political intentions and is no B.S about his views. He said he'd veto every thing that came across his desk regarding the state budget and did exactly that. He even admitted that it was just to waste everyone's time like "they wasted his". He's a joke of a politician and an embarrassment to the state but at least he doesn't try to snow anyone about what he plans to do. I did say that in any other situation, not regarding his political intentions and motivations, he should just not speak. Next time please read the comment you reply to before contributing so wonderfully.  Edit: removed unnecessary comment; no need for me to be a dick
I'd start with Novare Res: Crab Rangoon grilled cheese and over 500 beers.   The Great Lost Bear has a good beer selection but food is hit or miss. Its also next door to Maine Brewing Supply if you like to homebrew.   Kings Head has an awesome draft selection. Only time I've ever seen Allagash Dubble on draft.  Also, and most importantly, go to the Allagash brewery! They do free flights and often include beers you *can only get there*. Their house beer is pretty good! All you have to do is walk in and show them your ID. Good deals on bottles there too.
Your dad looks like Liam Neeson. I feel bad for the barber who took his hair...
Not enough warriors references on reddit
Willa by Stephen King
Upvote for the unsure hands of Clifford Franklin
Just TWC telling it like it is
Danger!
I would certainly be interested in this as well. Let me know if anything comes of this. I know it exists - I stumbled across a site once but can't remember what the hell it was.
Couldn't agree more. Its like Cormack McCarthy and SK had a literary love child
Upvote for the giants glass.
I guess what I am trying to say with the 'ideals' comment is that I would like the freedom to interpret a story for a meaning that I can resonate with. I am a huge Stephen King fan; in a lot of his books he has religious undertones, etc but he uses them in a way, that while possibly representative of his beliefs, they are open to interpretation and are non-alienating. What I dislike is authors who treat religion as "I believe this. This is the truth" rather than "I believe this; what do you think".
Whoa, what do you think you're doing? Only Garth and I get to make Wayne's World references!
That book... just... I don't even know what to say about that one scene in the cave. You know the one. Only King could write that and not have Chris Hansen kick in his door with the Dateline crew. It's weird how he managed to turn that into a POSITIVE thing - I think that is what makes it one of the most horrifying books of all time. It can make the reader see something positive about something so fucked up no matter how uncomfortable you feel.
This is excellent. I spent most of my undergrad in neurophysiology but was always somewhat interested in the behavioral side. My SO, however, is a therapist who works at one of our cities high schools. I'll have to show her this; it could certainly be good for her to check out. Hell, if nothing else maybe it'll get her to come to a game night and try it herself!  Either way - best of luck and I sincerely am bummed that I am on the wrong coast to attend. If you have someone film we'd love to see the footage!
True. True.
Barrow your clothes, your boots, and your motorcycle.
Beep beep Richie
Oh for certain. And that's a great point - its the classic "ninja" sword I was referring to; I could have spoken more clearly. I think that the sword in Japan has an incredible history and is an amazing feat of engineering (in its simple elegance rather than complexity). I just see the henain period and on as producing some of histories most incredible swords. The change in sword geometry calls for a change in cutting technique. As an iaido student I know how to cut as taught by my school and its lineage, that's an incredibly narrow part of the picture.  By all means go for what makes you happy and with what resonates with you - I'm just some dude on the internet :-)
let's talk iaito wear, tear, and maintenance.   so I purchased a [tozando toryumon classic iaito]( http://www.tozandoshop.com/Toryumon-Classic-FAST-SHIPPING-p/070-toryumon[fast].htm) about 6 months ago and so far its held up well enough but it has developed a bit of play in the tsuba and the samegawa/ito is shrinking or slipping. I would imagine with a lower end iaito this would be common. I do practice frequently but take excellent care of my equipment. this raises a couple of questions  - what are some common issues with iaito (or any gear like hakama, etc) that are treatable or even preventable. what do you do that other might not know about?   E: [images of ito and samegawa wear]( http://imgur.com/N1MDaSK,H7vpooI)
That toy really tied the room together, dude
Dog tries to eat everything on walks   Just discovered this sub. So far there is a lot of good information but so far I've yet to stumble across a thread with the answers I'm hoping to find.   We adopted a 2yo Husky/Basenji/Border Collie mix this past March and she walks very well on a leash over all, but, often times she can be pretty difficult. She tries to eat everything on the ground; berries, trash, bugs, etc. We feed her a stable diet that our vet approves of (activity level and weight appropriate 2x a day at regular times) but it makes no difference. We've tried walking using small treats and redirection but that still didn't help. She does eat incredible quickly at breakfast and dinner and when we are putting food in her dish will do every trick she knows at once (It actually is as funny and endearing as it sounds). She loves to eat but we keep her at the target weight assigned by our vet.  Eventually we'd like to train her off leash but it's seeming that between her prey drive (She locks on to any squirrel or bird) and her focus on what might be edible on the ground suggest that it might not be a possibility in the near future.   Any tips on how to get her to stop trying to eat the neighborhood trash? Bonus tips for working on prey drive (We currently make her sit, redirect her attention to us, and wait for her calm down when she locks on to a squirrel.)?  Thanks!
Post-practice sageo   Howdy! Just curious - how do you all typically store your iaito after practice, specifically, the sageo? Does it differ from post dojo or post home practice? I'll usually wrap a neat loop around the midpoint of the saya with a slipknot as we wrap up at the dojo, but I'll do a cho musubi after home practice. The difference is mostly time. What do you all do and why?
$2 margaritas at Molly's
Maine
Well opposable thumbs are pretty sweet.
when you figure out which will lead to peace
Beer Slip N' Slides?
Stacy gives Wayne a severed head; Wayne gets very upset.