Need suggestions for double feature nights   I run a bar in Cambodia, and each night we screen two movies on our back wall.  I've been trying to keep the movies tied together with a common theme, whether it was Dan Akroyd Night (Ghostbusters and the Blues Brothers) to Real Life Infamous Violent Criminal Night (Chopper and Bronson).  Tonight's Music Mockumentary Night (Spinal Tap and Fear of a Black Hat).  I was wondering what you guys would pick for a theme and what movies!
Thanks! That's what I kind of figured. It's been a nightmare keeping healthy backups of everything!  Lots of no name brand or fake brand name hard drives; I'm gonna try to make it to Phnom Penh next week and get some better drives, maybe replace the internal if I can.
I was confused when I first read it, but the article's saying that the data will be returned to earth, not the probe.
Rode into Phnom Penh from Vietnam on a Honda Win. Considering switching to a dirt bike. Any advice?   Hello! I'm in the middle of a six month solo motorcycle trip across SE Asia. So far I've gone from Hanoi, down to Ho Chi Minh, and across to Phnom Penh. I tried going into Laos earlier in the trip, but got denied at the border multiple times, with the guards saying that there is a new law forbidding foreigners into Laos on Vietnamese bikes.   I'm hoping a Cambodian registered bike will be a little easier to get into Laos, and it would be nice to upgrade from 125 cc's anyway, so I wanted to sell the Win here and upgrade. Has anyone here done this? Any good places or websites I should look at for decently priced, used dirt bikes? Ideally, it would be along the line of a Honda CR 250 for under $800. Any good spots to sell a Win with Viet plates and registration?  Thanks!  PS: is there a Facebook group for expat/travelers in Phnom Penh? Hanoi Massive and Saigon Expats groups were extremely useful when I was in Vietnam
Geez, this is such a sad story. Nobody should have to go through that. I'm glad you got out of there and that you're doing better.
I kinda figured. I'll be heading to Cambodia next, then Laos, and I'll get to Thailand around February.  I was hoping to get this thing sooner, but I'm guessing Cambodia and Laos would be even more difficult in terms of shipping things to myself.
Cool, thanks!
Cool, thanks for the advice!  Here's my situation. Sorry that it's pretty wordy:  Right now, in terms of electronics, I have a gopro, a dslr, a portable USB hard drive and an iPhone. What I've been doing up until this point is transferring the pictures and footage from the cameras to the phone via the cameras' built in "wifi hotspot" mode, then backing up to Google Drive over the hotel's wifi, but it's problematic.   The gopro takes hours to wirelessly transmit footage, the dslr only transmits lower resolution photos, and the Google Drive is entirely dependent on how good the hotel's wifi is, which can vary quite a bit. I've used internet shops to transfer the SD cards to my hard drive, which works out fine, but I'd rather do this boring junk from my hotel room so I can spend my daylight hours exploring.  I started looking for cheap tablets that can do this sorta stuff, and that might be the best option in the end, but when I came across the Filehub, it seemed like the perfect cheap solution. It lets you connect SD cards to portable hard drives and you copy the files over with a File Management app. It's tiny and cheap (I'm operating on a filthy backpacker scum budget), and it has some nice bonus features, like media streaming and, on the latest model ( http://www.ravpower.com/ravpower-rp-wd01-filehub-3000mah-power-bank.html ) you can hook it up to ethernet and make your own hotspot. Would have been helpful in a couple spots.   TL;dr: I should just suck it up and buy a tablet.
I fly in today and I'm totally down. Nothing like a couple of drinks to chase away the jet lag!
Well, like Black Panther, but with a transparent suit...
Here are two older instruments that are kinda similar:  The Foto Player: http://youtu.be/U0JZszqC7mk  (featuring the ever-excitable Huell Howser!)  Hupfeld Phonoliszt Violina: http://youtu.be/oQMhFJ14hik
It's absolutely incredible out here. We're on a big road trip, and we found ourselves adding a lot of days here just to take in all the sights and trails. We leave for Breckinridge tomorrow.
Bonus album full of pics from better times on the trip (including the aftermath)  http://imgur.com/a/uKrko
A closer view of the bike: http://imgur.com/1wGBRyJ  Hit a patch of gravel at just the wrong time in the middle of a switchback. Bailed just in time to see my fairly new 800 gs slide across the gravel and off a cliff. I walked away, the bike made it out okay with some nice battle scars, so not too bad. I was back on the trails in two days
Had plenty of time to enjoy the beautiful view in Moab!
Same here. I'm on a TV show and we've done 7 straight months of 70-80 hour weeks. I'm ready to get out, but the skills I've learned don't exactly translate to other industries, so I'll kinda be starting from scratch. It sucks, because I love the actual job, but the hours are inhumane.
Well, the way we were gonna frame it is that, while we don't need a guy in the condor in those days, the rigging is more complex to get the movers onto the bottom of the condor basket and we could use the extra hands. It is a concern, though.
I love it. Tested it against the Triumph Tiger 800, which has much more torque. I liked the ergonomics of the gs better, plus it comes with a lot of nice little features. I haven't taken it too far off road cause I wanted it to be nice and shiny for at least a few weeks, but it's been great on the few rough dirt roads I've taken it on. Feeling good about its capabilities, and I can't wait to test it out on some rough stuff  Went on my first bigger trip with it recently out to New Mexico and West Texas, rode about 300 miles a day for 5 days, including riding through that huge thunderstorm last weekend for 7 hours. It rides great, really comfortable. The ABS saved my butt a couple of times, and the heated handlebars are awesome. Handled everything I threw at it  http://i.imgur.com/rbM4Ro3.jpg http://i.imgur.com/mA80SCE.jpg http://i.imgur.com/DXct2Ir.jpg
D. I. T. ?
A three month motorcycle trip through Asia. Still planning everything out, but I've started working 75 hour weeks at my job and saving everything I can.
Why transgenderism?  I haven't heard any controversy about that
Oh, cool!  Was he a camera operator, a director, or something else?
My good friend was the one fatality. We had drinks in his honor tonight at the Liberty. I can't describe how devastating this is.
Man, that's exactly what I was looking for when I was shopping for my current bike. Looks great!
How much does it cost to commission a pipe from him?  It didn't look like he had anything in stock
Does anyone know where to buy a VV e-pipe?  If not, maybe just a good e-pipe recommendation...   The guys at work smoke pipes at work after lunch, and now that I've quit smoking,  (Two weeks! Thanks to you guys!) I feel a bit left out. Ideally I could find something with variable voltage that would work with all of the ego threaded things I have.
Ego Twist owners: how do you carry yours throughout the day?   I just got an ego twist and a handful of clearos, and I'm wondering how to carry it around. It seems like it would snap in half instantly if i just had it in my jeans pocket  I was thinking about getting a metal cigar tube, but I wanted to hear what ideas you guys had.
What is the BAM?
Wow, that looks awesome!  Pricey, but I'm sure it's worth it.  What kind of atomizer or cartomizer do you use?
Was given the nickname "Smurf" by Danny Trejo (I had blue hair at the time).  And I accidentally got sprayed by alien dog blood on the set of Predators.    I don't think many people can claim either of those...
Starship Troopers
Thanks for the advice! I really appreciate it.  I can't wait to get this system up and running.  I did have a few questions: *When you say ethernet connections, does that mean you have some of your Expresses actually wired to your router?  That does take away a little of the appeal of this system.  I was hoping not to have wires running all over the house.  *When you're not playing music through iTunes, do you use [Airfoil](http://rogueamoeba.com/airfoil/) or a similar program?  I've been listening to Spotify a lot lately.  Also, my roommate and I are musicians, and I didn't want to have to import all of our scratch recordings into iTunes before we listen to them.  Not a big deal, though.  Airfoil seems to be the program a lot of guides are recommending, but I wanted to get your opinion.  *Where did you end up purchasing all your units? 12 outputs sounds awesome, but really expensive if they're all new.  On the other hand, 12 hundred bucks for this much cool functionality is a bargain if you think about how complicated a setup this would be ten years ago.