Why does everyone downvote me the second I post something?
To avoid the fear of death think of it like this. We were dead before we came into this world so surely, we can do it again!
I have been looking at every bit of information on my college's website/handbook/guideline/etc. for the past 5 months, even before I received admission so I think i'm at least providing all the info.  There are other classes in the informatics department which would fulfil the requirement but... it's restricted as well.
I work with drones/UAVs for mapping projects :)
College orientation is next week and me, as a super shy and awkward student is afraid I won't make any friends D:
LEFTOVERS - Melbourne Uni vs RMIT
That's what people tell me but whenever I look at myself in the mirror, all I see are fats! Even when I touch my body, all I can feel are fats..
Yeah but I read that with the low amounts of Marshals they have, no every flight has security for the US anyways. Not sure about other countries.
What are the funniest posts on Reddit?
ELI5: Do Siamese cats that are born and bred in Australia speak the same language as Siamese cats born and bred in Norway?
What are some pieces that sound very impressive but are actually easy to play?
ELI5:Why are there no third world countries with white people being the majority of the population?
Is COMP10001 Foundations of Computing full? It says that there are no classes that are on today or in the future for you to register.
Can I call myself an engineer?   I mean my engineering course isn't really the standard like EE, CE, SE, etc. and while I do graduate with a few engineering accreditations, is my field really an "engineering engineering" field?
If it's the building next to a church then yes! :)
TIFU by trying to talk dirty to my GF   So we were having a really hot make out/foreplay session and I (who was super horny), trying to be fucking suave, decided to just look her in her eyes to ramp up the hotness.  Our eyes lock on to each other and it was incredibly hot and beautiful and I decided to talk dirty. In the heat of the moment I said: "My tits are waiting for you".   Let's just say the night ended there.
Impressive research, however through using Flaigocol mathematical derivations whereby the Hilbert spaces denote the Barnarch-Tarski paradox in equilibrium with the Fredhold theorem whereby the Erdos-nagy is 0, were can derive the Farrel-Markushevich in light of the Malgrage-Ehrenpresis if we denote the ZJ and Z* as the consant found in the Talor-Proudman. Thus:  Rasputin - Rasp[berry] = Utin[erry]   Your mathematical rigour, though elegant, is flawed.  QED.
Just to add, my Geomatics Course requires a range of courses from programming in SQL/C/Matlab, remote sensing, GIS, Linear Algebra+Calc, etc. (It's also credited by a couple surveying and engineering organisations)   Will surveying degrees have this too?
Rapists/Murderers/Criminals/Dictators who aren't executed benefit society. They stir up controversy, generating more views on youtube which nets more money for the site which gives Google more money to improve their services which eventually benefit the internet and society as a whole.
If anything, I think companies will usually value diversity over speciality so long as you have the necessary skillset.Just my 2c, one employer I talked to once told me that when he goes through job applications, it is the masters/phd degree that makes you who you are.
Are you alright?  "yes!"  No! You're all, all left!!11!!1!1.1!
Sometimes I feel as though my engineering field isn't "real" engineering compared to ME,EE,CE,BME, etc. I really really love stuff that involves GIS,GPS,GNSS,Geodesy, etc. Was really inspired after using Google Earth for the first time and used to handmake crude maps of my countryside and local forests when I was younger so I decided to go into Geomatics. However... while employment isn't a real problem, i'm considering changing to Civil or Environmental just for added breadth as that's what my peers tell me I should do...
If object X produces a sound at 50dB and object Y produces a sound at 50 dB, will having both sounds together produce a sound of 100 dB?
Historically, was the Invisible Hand useful as an idea?
About writing music, i've composed a few musical pieces, mostly for the piano like double and triple fugues and etudes though i've sketched out an incomplete symphony (only the first movement)  I don't think i'll ever be a band leader, not really interested in leading, I just want to play music aha  And about the type of prog, i'm still relatively new to prog so i'm open to everything right now :)  Thank you for such a detailed reply! I'm going to watch those links now.
Thank you soo much for introducing me to Palmgren! I have never heard of him or felt this way about music for a very very long time. :')  edit: Just sightread it after printing the score from IMSLP and played it on my piano with my windows open close to midnight and I am soo happy right now, thank you soo much Catt!
Reddit, i'm looking for some piano pieces that are relatively unknown but are beautiful and not too difficult (limited time)!   Hi! Just to give a sense of my ability, here's some pieces from my repertoire: Chopin Etudes op.25 (Full) Schubert D.960 Sonata Beethoven op.110,109 Sonatas Debussy Preludes Book I and II Shostakovich Concertos I and II
It's freezing down here in Melbourne!
You don't actually get karma from upvoted selfposts th
Dildo
I wasn't watching some porn flick intentionally! It just "popped" up on the telly and then BAMF!
I'm in a non-US high school atm! To be honest, at this point I don't really even know what it means to know a concept... I mean, I can answer the questions after practicing them for a while but I have no idea what you mean by understanding the concept. Like, i'm going through geometric distributions right now and I could say that if X was the number of failures before a success it would look like Pr(Xx) = (1-p)^x so maybe that counts as understanding?  Thanks for the pop book suggestions! I'll definitely look for them. I've actually read Frenkel's Love and Math too and would recommend it to you, it's great!.