I actually ended up buying ginger capsules for this exact reason. It did help with the nausea of lsa, but not the cramping.
[ID REQUEST] Mushrooms found by PA pond
I'm very experienced with dph, especially high doses. As for hbwr, I've gone through about 100 seeds, so I'm sure I can offer some advice. With dph I've only noticed the body load take its form in the feeling of intense gravity. Aside from that it just makes me clumsy. With hbwr I didn't get either affect, but I got insane leg cramps a few times. As far as using them for sleep, I do have something to say. Dph is very good with that. Since I built up a tolerance I take about 200-300mgs for sleep, and get absolutely no hallucinations. It really just helps me feel sleepy, as well as keeps me sedated while trying to fall asleep which helps. As for hbwr, I tried taking high doses of that, close to 20 seeds each time. It completely changes the high at a dose like that. I went from euphoria to complete sedation. Almost every time I would be asleep within two hours of ingestion.   Edit: after rereading the question, I'll actually answer what you asked. For me, I don't trip until I hit about 600mg of dph. Between that and 900mg I just get a good fun high. Melting walls,  stuff like that. Above that is where I start getting fucked up thought loops and closed eye hallucinations, where I'm in a totally different place usually. Also I tend to black out after 1g and then wake up with no memory and weird little hints of the stupid shit I did around the house.   Lsa is touchy and varies trip to trip. I had an amazing trip on it once, I think around 14 or so seeds. I was so euphoric it was insane and I loved ever second of it. However, I've taken doses right around there other times that end up with nothing happening. I've also noticed that between 10-17 seeds is where I experience the worst cramping.   If you're looking for a solid definite high, I'd suggest dph. As long as you're familiar with what doses do what to you, as it varies person to person, you'll be fine. I've never experienced any negative side effects from it. I wake up refreshed the next day. Although, I do usually have shakey hands the next day after.
I found it right in the grass bordering the woods and there weren't any others near it. I'd say the stem was about as big as the palm of my hand, maybe a bit bigger and about as thick as a finger. I'll see if it's where I left it and take a picture with something to scale it.   Thanks for the help though, I've been looking online for a while now and haven't come up with anything.   Also, I looked up the megacollybia rodmani and it looks like that's it.   Edit: wow I was dead wrong on the size, I'll upload a better picture in a minute. I'm thinking you were definitely correct now.   Edit edit: http://imgur.com/a/MLneN
Ya know, I always read about people seeing things like you mentioned, such as crazy animals or giant mushrooms growing out of the floor. I've tripped on benadryl at least 25 times and every time I see the same thing.   First the walls get "wavy", which I can only describe as a translucent jelly flowing all over the walls. Then things start falling down the walls, such as door knobs or fire alarms. This is my favorite part of the visuals of my trip. However, if I take a higher than usual dose I start getting the hallucinations of regular shit, such as talking to friends, only to look down and back up and notice that they aren't there. And for some reason whenever I try to sleep once I get bored, I close my eyes and I'm at work. Eventually I realize I'm not at work and get mindfucked because it's all in my head like a super vivid dream.   Never have I had a cool hallucination like seeing a mother fucking komodo dragon. Every time I read about stuff like that I get so jealous. However I have to agree with you on it making music sound great. Which reminds me of another common audio hallucination I have. Basically when I'm listening to music with head phones on I'll hear what sounds like people talking in the room, but when I take the headphones off it just stops. Creeps me out.   As for colors, never noticed any change. Seems like the drug has really different effects for everyone. In my opinion it's a fun drug, one that I've never had a "bad trip"  on. Worst I've seen is a little girl run past my door, and that only creeped me out for a few seconds because I knew it was just the drug. I hope someone actually read this whole thing.
I've combined the two multiple times, and it's pretty great. Normal come up, never had issues with nausea. Find a good album, turn the lights off, and strap yourself in for a unique night!
I really hope someone provides a good answer, because I recently fell down two flights of steps and basically had a period of amnesia following where I didn't remember the fall, or even waking up on the ground. I came to back at the top of the steps, and didn't realize how fucked up my body was until it was pointed out.  Went to the hospital for a concussion and ended up staying three days because they said I had a seizure which probably caused me to fall down the steps, explaining the amnesia.   Now that I see this question I'm wondering if I was knocked unconscious after I fell and had the seizure then because of that.   Edit: I should also note that this was something that had never happened to me before, which is why they kept me in the hospital for so long.
Oh man that was a long ass time ago so I can't give a very detailed report, but I remember the gist of it. I was with a few other friends that were tripping and they were having a great time but for some reason I was just feeling kinda down. Sat alone for a bit and started just remembering all these things that I forgot I even remembered from my past. It actually ended up making me realize that my life wasn't all that bad and since then Ive been a way happier person.  It was just insane how vivid the memories were at the time, I could remember the layouts of random ass buildings I had gone into very few times when I was just a kid. Overall it was a great trip.
I've tried low doses of dxm a few times but it really doesn't do it for me below third plateau. As for dph, I also heard a lot about it having no recreational value, but in my opinion it's fun as hell for something you can but at the drug store. Usually for my higher solo dph trips I end up listening to music for a bit, staring at walls to see if they're shifting yet, and waiting for the shit to hit the fan. I hardly hallucinate on it like I did my first few trips.
dt;aj
Was on a camping trip with some friends, in which we all smoked weed and we're drinking. A girl that I had invited brought a friend along that none of us really knew. As I stood there giggling at nothing and everything due to the bud, she looked me dead in the face and said "you're a drug addict and I hate you." it took me completely by surprise as I hadn't done anything to this girl and had just been standing there happy as fuck. For some reason this was the most offended I have ever been to this day.
Thanks for the advice, I'll probably just end up waiting then. No point in fucking my body up for a high.
Even though it ended in disappointment on my part, that was definitely worth reading. Good effort for something so random!
YES! Came here to say that actually! Probably one of my favorite games from back in the day
9:11 every day
I hope you die
Basically...
It's cool not Corey
Noooooo, you're waaay off
Omg.... you're a cop....  no crime here...
Are you with the feds?
What do I do now?   Well /r/leagueoflegends, I've been coming to you for most of my LoL questions for a while now, and I have another. I've been playing LoL for a year or two now. In that time I've extensively tried every position and a large portion of the champs, and still can't find anything I'm good at. I'm not horrible anywhere, but not good enough to consider it to be my thing. Should I just give up at this point? Because I don't really see any options when it comes to laning positions and champs
Not to mention his ability to summon fruit. You'd never go hungry.
Also, does playing with your screen unlocked really help that much? Because everyone else seems to do it but I never really tried
That may be the best thing I have ever read XD
Well, that's simple enough. Thanks guys (:
Everyone -___-
YES!
fuck bitches get money
DHAB  FBGM
corporate espionage
King of Prussia lego store?