I'm not knocking it, it's cool. I just see it as face paint more than makeup. Keep it up.
thats not a good movie for a 10 year old... People get eaten alive by wolves in [Frozen](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1323045/)...
Even if you go by the Movie Man of Steel version of Superman he can still move faster than any human could ever react. He can still fire lasers from his freaken eyes powerful enough to cut through buildings etc as well as damaging Kryptonian Amour.  Hell, in the trailer for BvS he's shown ripping the Batmobile apart with little effort. He could do the very same to Bats new armour if he wanted to without much effort.  If Sups wanted Batman dead he would be dead before Bats even reached for the Kryptonite.
Australia says [wut](http://i.imgur.com/568glCz.png)
Settle down there [Patrick Bateman](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/vzN3qO-qc8U/maxresdefault.jpg)
[This sums it up](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acute_assessment_unit)
Dont get me wrong, it's a good cause and I'm all for it, it's just that there might be better subs to post this, or not I dont know.  I just like to be annoying.   Carry on.
[I dont know what I'm doing... ](http://i.imgur.com/ORmQezk.jpg)
No it really doesnt, this screams publicity.   His agent probably heard the news of the guy and his Gosling cereal shtick and how he'd just died. Then he would have noticed an overwhelming demand for Gosling to respond..  Ask8ng him to jump on the bandwagon to keep socially relevant by pandering to the Internet crowd. People love a celebrity who "cares".  Character would have been if he had recognized the dude existed  and done this before the he kicked the bucket .
Darth Vader plays the Harmonica!?
The obvious answer is that the three shells are touch / pressure sensitive buttons that perform specific functions:  Shell 1: Touching shell one will activate a bidet like function.  Shell 2: Touching shell two will activate a fan/air dryer like function.  Shell 3: Touching shell three will flush the toilet.  While not as amusing as [this](http://i.imgur.com/buWc6wS.png) theory... I think my idea is a bit more practical.
Nope, this is how I've handled him every time I fought him, even when helping other players.   Keep your distance but not too far away or he'll do his frenzy attacks, just close enough and he'll do that one swipe which you can avoid easily.  At the end he goes crazy and I get tagged a few times before I get back into the rhythm of the attacks.
[Relevant as it'll ever be](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NF-XMtNEudQ)
[I'll just leave this here](http://www.iflscience.com/plants-and-animals/ordering-vegetarian-meal-there-s-more-animal-blood-your-hands )
Fathers Linguine.
It's the From Dusk Till Dawn of Sci-Fi movies...   As in the drastic change of pace and themes in the third and fourth act.
So I've been playing for a few years now, always on a Hohner Blues Harp MS or a Special 20 since they're cheap and effective.  Decided it was time to invest in something new and unique, so I saved up for the MR-550 and damn man... It's well worth it. Sounds like a beast and can take thrashing, the wood case is smooth as hell, chaps my lips less than a steel case which is nice.
Theres a mission in Old Town where you have to get into an office building through the roof and it is controlled by Rais's men all with guns.  I didnt have any guns on me (had them in my stash) so I kept getting close, throwing fireworks onto the roof and running away.  Eventually a hoard of Volatiles came and bought their fury down upon the yellow wearing bastards.
I'd say it's like I Am Legend, as they started off as mindless grunts killing and eating everyone.. But given enough time they evolved/changed to become the dominant life form and created their own social structure etc.  So yeah, you could be right. Some of the long time turned carry and use weapons, they also have ability to "change" back into Virals.   That and when they "evolve" into other forms they seem to retain some form of self preservation and higher cognitive function.
They screwed up the licenses, some people are claiming they uploaded the wrong version on the game onto the PSN.  For those that pre-ordered some could download/pre-load it fine, others it would only download the DLC and others couldnt download anything at all and got a message "no content found, search the playstation store?"  There are two fixes available to get around this though, the first it set the PS4 as your primary then go to the PSN store website on your computer.  First remove Dying light from your pending download list then re-add it. It should then push it to your PS4 to download.  If this doesnt work it's because you've got the "wrong version".  You can see which version you have based on the icon you have in your games list, if Orange... you have the wrong version/license. You need to have the Black hands one.  On your PS4 download / purchase something free, like a theme. After you have done this you will notice the icon for dying light will have changed from the orange one to the black one.  After that repeat step one from the PSN store website.  Basically someone somewhere screwed up and Sony refuse to acknowledge it.
Eh, they're probably touch sensitive buttons (possibly wireless as well) that work the toilet like a bidet along with a warm air dry function... so theres no need for toilet paper.  One shell to spray the water.  One shell to dry.  The last shell to flush the toilet.  Makes more sense than the pinch and wipe.
Started on this one but it's gotten too busy at work to finish. [WIP](http://i.imgur.com/p2tmmEc.jpg)  I'll try to finish it off when it's quieter.
Looks like Tekken 5.
Strange,  doesn't have that text here in Australia. Best to contact Sony from this point.
Is a battery / USB strap possible?
Yeah I got bored of it after a couple of hours. Beat it a few times with different characters, tried out a bit of the items and combinations, did a few of the challenges... But it got old rather fast.  I'll go back to it every now and then I guess as it's still a fun time killer.
Cromartie High?
I remember this being a short story, pretty sure I read it when I was a kid... Think it was by Paul Jennings or something like that?  Found it: [Hey, you down there.](https://julie-cfahs.wikispaces.com/file/view/Hey+You+Down+There) Written by Harold Rolseth.  The movie / episode in question is an adaption of the short story: [Amazing Stories, SE02;EP09: Thanksgiving](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0511117/)
Septic Man
TV Michonnes actions unjustified   Anyone else notice this? She is completely irrational and unpredictable, her actions towards the Governor have little to no justification or motivation other than she gets a bad vibe from him... And I mean Rick has treated her worse than the Gov ever did... with her personality she wouldn't let that slide, but this fact will be completely ignored for the sake of the story progressing.   Hell I wouldn't have her around my group incase someone accidentally gave her a wrong look, shed prob off them then disappear into the woods.  At least in the comic she had a damn good reason for doing what she did. In the show... she's a paranoid mute clusterfuck with a sword... So far tv Michonne has been a disappointment, other than being fan service for sword zombie kills she's near useless.
COD:BOD Online issues   Sooo I caved and decided to buy the retail version rather than digital and I tell you what, I am happy I did.. at least now I can return it...  First of all it doesnt require an online pass so this is a major plus for those who may want to share/trade the game with friends.  Now onto my first experience with the online side of the game... I'm yet to be able join a game past the loading screen. In essence the exact same issues that plagued Resistance: Burning Skies online multiplayer are still present.  The game goes to join, shows matched players and then begins to load... aaaaand then booted back to the main menu, I have repeated this time and time again only to have the same thing, this is present regardless of the game type I choose.(I have rebooted the Vita, double checked my network/router setting and everything is perfect)  So either the servers are at capacity at the moment or the game really is a simple reskin of R:BS, multiplayer issues and all.  In saying that, I'm willing to wait a week incase a patch is released or it is simply the servers being overloaded.  Am I the only one experiencing this issue?   (Side note: My connection is more than adequate for playing online, especially for handheld gaming, I am also on NAT2 on my Vita yet I am unable to join a single game... those familiar with trying to join a game in Burning skies both pre and post patch will know what I mean.)
RE: Movie Night!   Howdy again all,  Since my last attempt at a movie night failed miserably, thought I'd try again this weekend.  Aaaaaand it also turns out this Friday is Friday the 13th, if no one has any plans(curse you folks who know of the dress up parties) I propose a horror movie marathon! Same details as before, location is central east perth, 2 couchs that should seat about 6, bottle store across the road, bring your own snacks (though pizza being delivered is a very likely possibility)  Basically looking to have a few people over, drink and watch bad movies till he early hours. Bonus points for keeping the neighbours awake as well.  If interested send me a message, oh and if not enough people show interest I'll call it off and also stop asking haha. (hoping for at least 3 to 4 people to make it entertaining)