autobot
Israel Police arrest 2 over huge JPMorgan bank hack - Media reports say that one of the largest-ever cyber crimes is involved, with details of 80 million customers stolen.
manboobs solve nothing
/r/pimp has gone downhill since the new mods took it over  Now it's all about the bling.
I thought it was funny.
Sandra Bland arrest video has continuity problems, anomalies.
Could you imagine a reddit where these answers are always the topvoted ones and not hyperbolic ramshackle attacks.
This week, two teams of scientists released reports detailing the origins of Native American peoples - But the two groups came to different conclusions when it came to how that DNA with ties to Oceania made its way into the Native American genome.
The impossible test. But yes many of the Mods are just poor.
When my dyslexic cousin tries to change her dogs hair colour for a wedding.
What will the movie be about? The making of the game or using the world for an adventure movie?
Lets see how it plays out?
Do an exam in the midst of a serious bout of depression/anxiety. Came in late shaking, threw up several times, left early and was collected outside the door so basically was not out in the crowds much.
Get an E-Cig
Drink beer and eat takeaway and watch DC movies. We are too old to be doing that but fuck you.
Probably couldn't get a Taxi
[what an Inhuman League ](https://33.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_li5sbsS3Cl1qhjikro1_500.gif)
The good thing is for some reason I have probably 6 seasons of the show to catch up on.
Joseph Ferdinand Gould (12 September 1889  18 August 1957)[1] was an American eccentric, also known as Professor Seagull. Often homeless, he pretended to be the author of the longest book ever written, an Oral History of the Contemporary World (or Oral History of Our Time). He inspired the book Joe Gould's Secret (1965) and its film adaptation (2000), as well as being a character in the 2009 computer game The Blackwell Convergence.  Interesting read.
Joe Goulds Teeth: The long-lost story of the longest book ever written.
That makes no sense.
I look like a gimp.