Hello! welcome to the Austin Steakhouse!   My children loved this one restaurant, known as Austin Steakhouse. From the outside, it looked like a worn down apartment sitting smack in the middle of the sprawling downtown metropolis. Inside, it was full cowboy in an almost childish manner, with the waiters and waitresses spouting a apologetically fake smile and talking in a forced high pitched accent  that on many occasions had me laughing half way through my order. The chef however, was a solemn burly old man, who I had only met on one occasion, that being a mutual friends birthday outing at a club. He had a suspicious manner to him, gazing around the room like he was being watched. I had heard about him serving in the Gulf War, and thus chalked it up to PTSD.  The last time I ate there was my own daughters birthday party. She begged me to go there, even though my aversion to the atmosphere, and like the normal parent I caved in pretty quickly. You know that look they give you, with the wide eyes and the folded hands, like a stray puppy. My head was pounding from a migraine, a combination of stress and possibly illness,so I popped a Ibuprofen.Letting the drug do its magic, we loaded the car, and drove down to Austin's   The waitress at the door, a newer person, I assumed by her age and lack of any cohesion or competence. "Hi uh sir, welcome to Austin Steakhouse, yee haw!" she tried in her best impression of a old timey southern belle, before muttering something and showing us to our table.   "So, can I get you any drinks?" she said, beginning to sweat over the past embarrassment and the lack of any air conditioning whatsoever in the restaurant. I ordered a coke and vodka, and my sweet and innocent daughter ordered a glass of milk. She left to go process our drinks, and we began to scan the menu. "Can we get an appetizer?" she asked quizzically.  "Do I look like im Fuckin...err...freaking made of money" I raised my voice, before calming myself down and in an attempt to backtrack like a dirty politician said "Im sorry sweetie, what would you like for your special day?" She answered that she wanted a blooming onion (a heart attack on a plate, the health nuts joke).  When the waiter came back, I asked for one Blooming onion for her special day. But as soon as I said it, I wish I hadn't. The Austin Steakhouse does this thing where the WHOLE ENTIRE FUCKING STAFF come out and sing to you. A lot of racket, and I have suffered from many cases of second hand embarrassment due to other people's experiences. But then I remembered who I was here for, and began to let loose. The waitress shined a smile, and patting my little angels head, said "we have a surprise for you later!, now what would you like for you?" and soon she was writing down her order, a kid's brisket. I myself ordered a 12oz new york strip steak with a portobello shroom.  After enjoying our appetizer our meal came, with the whole crew. They had put a cute little candle on her meal. I myself was beginning to feel a buzz. As our waitress, the chef, and the hostess led the others in the first lines of "Happy Birthday" a scream overshouted them, a scream of "FREEZE! NOBODY MOVE!" and 4 policemen ran into the dining area. The chef flared the deer and headlights look. The youngest cop screamed at him "You are under arrest for 17 counts of murder, you sick piece of s***!" and proceeded to read him his rights in an angry and disgusted tone. And then it dawned on me, I looked at my plate, and I vomited
dangerous to who? corporate interests
I always saw it as "Hillary Clinton: Moving the Democratic Party to the Right (Wing)" The arrow is pointing right
XD I changed my minecraft username to BernieSanders16
done
this is politics, where even the most moral of politicians have no morals
Elizabeth would be amazing as Sander's running mate. Or Chomsky (but lets be honest that will never happen)
Damn, Im Enver-ous of you  heheh he  ....  *goes into corner*
Do you support $15 minimum wage?  Weirdest experience with a customer?
And Pinochet
So comparing one unelected individual to another is absurd.
They are classy as hell, though
Those horrible Norwegian Marxist murderers!
Do you disagree that there is a connection?
Hmm so kind of like Christianity  "But marxism endorses mass murder..." can you point out where it says that in the Communist Manifesto  "But the Bibile says nothing about that" neither did marx  IMO Socialist Democracy, implemented in places like Norway and Sweden, works best
TBH, It would have ended more like Bahrain if anything occured at the worst case
Trump, when you just go and kill everyone you suspect of terrorism and topple a government, it breeds radical ideology  Perhaps this is hard for you to believe, but most countries the US has invaded dont go "YAY the US is coming to save us all!" It  just makes them hate you more, and hate breeds radicalism. so MAYBE STOP DESTABILIZING PEOPLE DAMNiT
The God of Treang   My grandfather, of south-east asian descent, had many stories to tell. He had a gift with his words. The imagery of his words would play a miniature film in our heads while we were boys, from his mystifying tales of cultural legends or grotesque descriptions of the desolate wasteland left after a phantom run. But there was one story he told us, when we neared the age of adulthood, that shook my brother and I to our core.   "It was the year 1972. The sleepy rural village of Treang was experiencing its troubles. It had been decimated by American bombing runs just years before. So far it was spared from Sar's war in the north of Cambodia, one that would later imprison much of the nation in his tyrannical rule. I had just gotten married to a beautiful girl, and this years harvest had been plentiful. If only I knew the horrors that I would face for 8 years, exchanging hands of madmen, and the utter loss of faith in the good of humanity, maybe I would have escaped. But there was no way of knowing of what was to come.  For what reason I was so far from my village I do not remember, but my walk through the jungle to the east took a drastically wrong turn. When I woke up, I was in a small settlement, located on ruins from the Angkor period. White and Khmer men with guns greeted me. Further regaining my senses, I was chained to a wall with 4, maybe 5, other men. One of the Khmer men yelled "THE TWO ELDEST", and the two men to my right were taken off the wall and led outside the shack that contained me. Then an oddly dressed white man, the leader of the group, emerged. Beckoning the armed men's respect, then muttered something to the other white man standing there, and we were escorted out.  The next thing I remembered was waking up in my barrack by way of a loud, inhuman noise. Standing before us was a priest. Not a priest like you know, he was more of a warden of sorts. He was a big and burly man with a pale complexion, more so than most of the white men even. He laid down the rules of this hellscape. You work when you are told to work, you eat when you are told to eat, those who dont work are sacrificed to the god-on-earth. The god-on- earth, I later found out, was the oddly dressed man.  One of these rituals that occurred every month was the initiation of the young, a baptismal event of sorts. What I saw here, however, was beyond horrid. All these kids, they had deformities! Some were missing legs or arms or eyes, some had horrid welts on their bodies, some had bent heads and clubbed feet. "The result of the Ambrosia they feed the women" the man beside me spoke,obviously malnourished and here a long time, "These children are desirable to god" he exclaimed. The Ambrosia, I would later figure out, had a horrid effect on plant life, and would cause illness in the women themselves. In America, they know it as "Agent Orange." Other days, we would see those who refused to work, or had just dropped due to exhaustion. They were tied to a stone pillar, tight enough where the ribs that were able to be counted to begin with stuck out even further, and these poor souls were sacrificed with a knife, and their bodies left to decompose in the open. You got used to the smell, you couldn't let anything bother you in this place. You ignored the sickly women being raped out in the open, instead opting to bury your head in the field and continue to reap under the brutal heat. You ignored the cries of the desirable children. It ruined you and kept you up and night only for a wile, before you were left in a constant state of almost comfortable numb.   After 3 years of this hell, when I had forgotten about my wife, my old town, my old life, they came. The men of Saloth Sar appeared on the horizon. We were made to defend the haven, but when the came closer I ran like the devil to the river, dodging bullets and bombs, and hid. The battle was short, arming weak feeble men against an army that now controlled all of Cambodia proved futile, and the Khmer Rouge torched the site, and shot everyone they saw. My desire to live kicked in for the first time in many years, and I ran into the jungle east towards the Vietnamese border.  Upon making it through the Vietnamese border, almost being shot by the border guards out of fear of me being with White Scarves, then being detained. They interpreted my story as detainment under the Khmer Rouge themselves, who would be found of committing horrible atrocities themselves later. From there I went to Thailand and then America, settling in San Fransisco.  Throughout the years after my experience, the god on earth visited my dreams and appeared in my daily life. I saw the faces of those who died and were born under his horrible regime. I would spend days unable to get out of my bed, out of fear and sadness. Many days I thought of ending my eternal torment, being saved only by shreds of dignity and humanity I had left. In the 80's, I found my wife and your father, who had escaped the Khmer Rouge into Thailand, and had assumed I was dead. They pushed me to continue living, and sent me to a therapist. However, when I tried to explain my story, it was dismissed as PTSD.  When I think of the God-on-Earth, I realize that he was just a man as I was. A man out of his element, in a wilderness he has never seen, faced by an enemy he was bred to hate. I would look through documents to find out his real name, which I will not disclose. He was a pilot in the US Air Force who was downed in the Tet Offensive, and thought to have heroically defended his comrades near Tay Ninh before a few of his men and him had disappeared. He was presumed dead, and  a statue of his was erected in his hometown in  Nebraska. His friends and family described him as a family man who held a deep compassion for human life. He was an environmental activist advocating against uses of DDT as a pesticide. Its funny, how fear and desperation can change you, bring out the worst in you that you never knew you had. Or maybe it was the Ambrosia"
And an American tourist talking slow like you're simple "where....Is....The......Restroom"
I think it sounds similar to "euro"
In what part did he call "Hamas the victim". see when Israeli supporters like you use Hamas to tar and feather all the Palestinian peoples, who maybe want their own state and self determination, and then go ahead and turn a blind eye when these people are murdered.  So yes, maybe you do begin to get a little pissed when the Middle Eastern bastion of democracy is acting on the same level as the terrorist group being blamed for the whole thing!
While I do agree that the trail of tears was much larger, I just felt like being literal
and one of the worst humanitarian disasters ever.  so NK is a lose lose situation.
answered this somewhere else  China wont allow it because they dont want millions of refugees flooding its border followed by massive American presence on its border. More likely than not the NK elite would flee into China (China allowing it or not) and that would add a whole other level of clusterfuck
##Weird Way To Spell Island New Brunswick!
##Alberta Is best Canada
Your Initiation is Complete
Are you sure, you dont want the French taxi revolution.Lord knows that would mean a general purging of former Uber drivers, followed by a strongly worded letter from the UN
Indeed it is a totalitarian state in the eyes of completely credible news sources like The Sun and FOX news  Also did you hear batboy is back? Did you hear the US government is forcing bakers to lube guys up for gay orgies?  BUT ITS IN THE HEADLINES
Cavs Coach: Hamas behind loss to Golden State
Vermont into independence again!
because the Nazis were Japan.