what's weird is, I think that's why I loved it. not in the same vein but kinda gave me an American psycho vibe and I found myself just laughing hysterically at the scenes I really shouldnt have been laughing hysterically at. idk man, I'm weird
in my top 5 Drake songs. amazes me how many people haven't heard it
Thank you!
You're a good person. Many thanks
I meant to say I'm NOT disputing that in my last comment. whoops.   And he's back now trying to fulfill that promise. So I don't see your point.
http://imgur.com/5qicM0z

exactly. that's what makes the song so great. feels like a criticism of white culture and their behavior and mentality towards the black community until you get to those last couple lines and realize, oh shit, he callin out everybody.   sorry to interrupt. just really like that song lolol
Nah man. Lebron showed his dick to America a week ago. nothing can top that
I agree they're the team to beat, I just think they'll get beat. And just adding Pat Bev doesn't make them non contenders, but having to face real PG's every round will wear them down. Pat and TP and CP3 were just examples of how tough of a road they just so happen to have avoided this year. Next year they could get hit with Bev, then CP3, then Westbrook in consecutive series. Just saying, it'll be a huge adjustment. And trying to repeat in a stacked conference is no easy task
Cavs gotta take a page out of the Warriors book and take their resting strategy. Kept their guys healthy and fresh when it mattered
incorrect. Warriors shooting jumpers, Cavs driving the ball
How the fuck are these refs not calling anything on these Lebron drives? He gets punished for being too strong.
the cave haven't played their best ball at all! with the exception of Delly, no one on the team has. Lebron has been missing open layups all series, JR can't buy a bucket, Moz can't catch half the time, TT can't make a layup or putback, JJ isn't as hot from 3 as usual... if the Cavs play a sound offensive game for once in the series, they steamroll GState be of how they have proven they can handle them defensively
A bro you can enjoy some afternoon Friends with, is a bro indeed.
nope. Delly wasn't on him in the 4th* when he got hot. Delly was dehydrated and that made the Cavs have to switch screens and put Shump on him instead of Delly. that won't happen next game
yes, I realize. I'm not stupid. But, when you can't hit a shot, maybe stop shooting for a while and get the ball in the hands of the guy who was shooting lights out in the first half? Instead of chunking up 15 3s, find the hot hand instead. that's all I'm saying
OH MY GOD SHUMP. MAKE A DAMN LAYUP HOLY SHIT
Yes, 100%.
Every damn scene in I Am Sam with Sean Penn. Balled that entire movie. Fuck that movie, but ill be damned if it isn't fantastic.
Yeah that's true. I guess I just dont see him getting enough space to get 3's off. Hand check rules were very different and him being virtually 7 feet tall, keepin that handle would be difficult
ball dont lie.
Am a white kid from Texas who didn't have the daddy money to buy a car with. Can confirm. Nobody actually cared about anything if it didnt have to do with them. The reason I listen to the kind of rap that actually says something about life is bc i have no clue what that life is like. I actually wrote a paper about it this semester, and I just basically like seeing life from different perspectives and trying to understand from a distance what people are going through bc i have no idea what that life is like.  Anyway, I'd like to apologize for the jackasses who didnt give a shit. All us white kids aren't like that, I promise.
agreed
THANK YOU. She is supposed to be the most unattainable woman on the planet for the nerdy kid. That's what makes it so awesome when he wins her over. COME ON PEOPLE.
Yes! I feel the same way! I loved the original ones at the time but upon comparison I thought Garfield was just more spiderman like
Lebrons gotta step up next half. Been playin like hes been to 4 straight finals and is tired or something.....
my point is no one is that consistent. regardless of the level of competition, no one has been that consistent for that long
I was just a youngblood when Phantom Menace came out so Pod racing was the shit, Darth Maul was the shit, Obi Wan was the coolest dude ever just catching that lightsaber mid-flip to slice him, Natalie Portman was (is still) the crush of all crushes, Mace Windu's purple sword was always the coolest, all the jedi comin out for a huge battle was the shit, yoda showin some skills was the shit, space battles were the shit, Annakin decapitating Dooku was the coolest ever, annakin slaughtering kids and turnin dark was terrifying and awesome bc the story was really connecting, epic Obi-Wan/Annakin fight was the shit. But again, I was just a youngblood
I can see him resting em for the last game. Other than that, I think he'll play em. This year is just different with the playoff road ahead. Won't be as grueling in the East but also the pressure to win I think will effect Blatt's resting method. He'll want to maintain the rhythm and flow of the rotation going into that first round, imo
KD was gettin up there for me this year just bc of his twitter crap and his "you can play me for it" shit about his all star bid. like, you didnt earn that, at least be grateful. but, i cant blame a guy whos had frustrating injuries like that after an MVP season.   Westbrook will have to do
Lebron deserves it over everyone. He's the best player on the planet. But, I'm 85% sure he won't get it regardless of how out of his mind he plays until the middle of june because people just want someone else to get it. Like DRose a few years ago. Yeah right