U.S. lawmakers on Tuesday unveiled an ambitious bipartisan Senate bill containing three years of funding for America's highways, bridges and rail systems but quickly ran into a roadblock that could force Congress to settle for shorter term fix.
Two killed as blasts, gunfire rock Burundi presidential vote
Liberia confirms new Ebola case as outbreak spreads
I think it's entirely possible to look at a complex situation like the Syrian Civil War, where multiple parties are engaged in conflict, and come to the conclusion that there's more than one "bad guy".  IS is bad, but that doesn't make the Syrian government *good*.
The Syrian government has a habit of using barrel bombs on civilian populations, and there are multiple reports of chemical attacks as well. This isn't a one-off.
At least 23 people, among them a child, were killed in government raids on the Islamic State group-held town of Al-Bab in northern Syria on Monday, a monitor said.
They're not too young. ALL children develop their gender identity in preschool.  If a child with a penis is not "too young" to determine that they are a boy, and a child with a vulva is not "too young" to determine that they are a girl, then the converse is true as well.  "I'm willing to bet money less than half would transition after puberty and they would all live happy lives."  You would lose that bet. People who have more education than you have spent years, even decades studying the subject. Lack of acceptance is associated with depression and self-harm - even in small children.
U.S. allies target Islamic State with 28 air strikes in Syria, Iraq
You're assuming that DarthGregor wasn't raised by two men or two women already.  And yes, I would say that in front of my mother (or my father, were he still alive). I'd also say I'd be just as happy had I been switched at birth with some other kid, because I would be. Why not? I wouldn't know any different.  And don't forget, most gays  who want kids adopt. A child in foster care would be grateful for *any* permanent, loving family. This isn't an either/or proposition for them.
We certainly can't if your response to people who disagree with you is "oh, I think you're lying, welp, best stop talking about it!"  Drives me batty when people throw these things out like we'll all agree, and then refuse to engage with people who don't.  The difference between you and me is *I know people who grew up in households headed by same-sex couples*. I also know people who were raised by grandparents, or by their aunts and uncles, and I know people who were raised in foster care. That last group is the only one that spends much time worrying they would have had a better childhood had they been raised differently, because *any* permanent family would have been better than being shuffled around.   I don't need to resort to hypotheticals, because I have observation on my side.
Mali's main coalition of Tuareg separatist rebels signed a peace agreement with the government Saturday more than a month after other armed groups did so, though critics said the deal still fails to address the impunity now rampant in the north.
The Other Body Count in the Battle Against ISIS - The number of Iraqis being trained by the U.S. is more important than the number of militants being killed
Most of the planet is oceans. Most rain eventually hits an ocean - not land. Once it hits the ocean, it mixes with the salt water there and becomes salty. You can't drink salt water. You can't irrigate your crops with salt water.
In the late 60s.  Well, let's look at the crime stats. These are national - your own area may be more or less safe than this.  http://www.disastercenter.com/crime/uscrime.htm  In 1969 there were 7.3 rapes and 18.5 "forcible rapes" for every 100,000 people. In 2013 the numbers were 4.5 and 25.2, respectively - and there's some serious evidence to suggest that rapes haven't increased, but reporting has. (Certainly, the FBI numbers on rape will start to change now that they count rapes of males instead of just of females.)  In some areas, the numbers are slightly higher than they were in 1969. However, they show a marked decrease from the highs in the 1980s and 90s.   The truth is that the US has been experiencing a decrease in crime for the past decade and a half by now. There are many ideas for why this might be. Me, I favor the lead hypothesis - an increase in leaded gasoline caused low levels of led poisoning in crowded urban areas, which cased an increase in violent crime 20 years down the line, and when we removed lead from gasoline we saw a corresponding decrease 20 years after that.
He's fighting the good fight, him against the world! (I've never been so tempted to cram the word "whilst" into a sentence in my life omg.)
On the one hand, you have to feel sorry for Sebastian. He ate his Aunt Edna, and he was clearly *really* broken up about it.  On the *other* hand, dude could stand to develop some introspection. Liv didn't do this to you, YOU did this to you with your creepy blood licking, you jerkface! Contract killing is one thing, but that is just *gross*.  Well, I don't suppose it's a profession that benefits from too much naval gazing.  Also: Band chick is an idiot. Irredeemably stupid.  Also: Major is also an idiot. Irredeemably stupid. Cute, and sweet, and dumber than the proverbial box of rocks. I'm not sure cute and sweet is enough to explain why Liv hooked up with him in the first place. Is he, like, really great in the sack?  Also also: Clive isn't stupid. He's going to figure out that something's up, sooner or later.
You know, I never got that episode. I mean, if you accept the premises it's a great ep, but the premises don't make any sense.  Crazy cult leader talks about how "we have more supporters than you think", and indeed, *somebody* (who didn't deign to travel with them) invented that device. (And a different group of people with broadly similar aims sabotaged Risa that time - really, I'd love to have seen Star Trek tackle its malcontents more.)  There must be billions and billions of humans in the Federation, and god knows how many other biologically compatible (you know, fertility-wise) species. Even if her actual number of supporters was a ludicrously low percentage, she surely could have gotten actual *volunteers* to live in her low-tech colony in the boondocks. Even if they couldn't get an official Federation charter, they could've still "crashed" the ship in the usual way, except they all would have been more prepared for roughing it.  Even for a crazy cult leader with delusions of grandeur, she certainly doesn't seem to have approached this logically.
Boko Haram bombs Maiduguri in north-east Nigeria killing 20 people
U.N. diplomat pushes to hold Yemen talks, Arab air strikes pound Houthis
Kurdish forces have driven the Islamic State group from more than a dozen Assyrian Christian villages that the jihadists had captured in northeastern Syria
Train stations have [blind people bumps](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tactile_paving), so he's safe on the MTA! And it's only a short train trip to 34th street, where I know for a fact that the Loews has audio description. (I was there ten days ago for my niece's birthday. Thank *god*, she's old enough that we didn't have to sit through the movie with her. I claimed poverty and went to the bookstore instead.)
That, in a nutshell, is why I buy Orson Scott Card's books *used*.  My rule of thumb is that if I'm pretty sure they're still doing whatever terrible thing it is (or would still be doing it if they had the chance), then I won't financially support them. If they've stopped doing it (or are dead), then so long as the art itself doesn't glorify rape or abuse, I'm okay with it. Other people will have different personal approaches, and that's all right too.
Seems a little inconsistent.  If you're anti-abortion because you think it's murder - and many do think that, even at very early stages where there's no brain stem, much less brain *activity* - it's not suddenly less murder because the mother was raped.   Either elective abortion (that is, abortion not because the fetus has a condition incompatible with life or is already dead and not because the mother's life is at risk) at various points during pregnancy should be legal or it should not. Those who are anti-abortion can't *afford* to cede on the rape front because that shows their position as hypocritical.
Djibouti's president warned Yemen's civil war and a resurgent Al-Qaeda pose threat to the Middle East, but will help refugees fleeing conflict. The tiny nation of 850,000 has taken in some 28,000 refugees, mainly from Somalia.
It'd be very strange for a child to be diagnosed as autistic for pointing given that it is *lack of pointing* that is typically associated with autism.  These are the actual diagnostic criteria for autism, as distinct from the ones you made up in your head: http://www.cdc.gov/ncbddd/autism/hcp-dsm.html  Note that examples are "illustrative, not exhaustive" and that it is not necessary for a person to hit every single note to obtain a diagnosis, and it is possible to obtain a diagnosis even if it is "by history", that is, not something they currently do.
the fact that she wiped out an entire timeline at the end of the series in order to satisfy her own selfish wants and desires is in itself reason to detest her and not want to emulate or champion anything about her.  So did Jake Sisko, but he doesn't get this level of hate. Neither does Harry Kim, for that matter. (And if we believe that the new Star Trek movies exist simultaneously with TOS - which is what the writers insist is the case - then surely Janeway did the same thing. She didn't "wipe out" a timeline, she just created an additional one that runs alongside the first.)
Ground beef where I am is $6/lb, easy. I could buy the huge family packages and get the price down to $4.50/lb, but I have no place to store that much ground beef. My freezer isn't that big.  Tomatoes surely aren't $1/lb either unless I get the hard ones that taste like nothing and are a waste of money. Actually, I'm pretty sure those are $1.30/lb anyway.  That cheese looks off too, but I don't know for sure. I'll check at the store.
Armed groups in the north of Mali have, over the last week, attacked each other as well as UNpeacekeepers and Malian soldiers, underscoring Mali's fragility as it tries to emerge from years of instability and jihadist revolt.
A U.N. inquiry has found that at least 44 Palestinians were killed and at least 227 injured while sheltering at U.N. locations during last year's Gaza war, also that Palestinian militant groups hid weapons at 3 empty U.N. schools in Gaza, in 2 cases militants "probably" fired from the schools.
Russia is building up forces on its borders with Ukraine, prompting pro-Kiev forces and analysts to predict an impending pro-Russian attack in the near future.
You do that :)  Though I won't hold it against you if you forget!
The aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt is headed toward the waters off Yemen, will join other US ships prepared to intercept any Iranian vessels carrying weapons to the Houthi rebels fighting in Yemen.