Props on doing a community focussed job + thank you for your service.   I live in London, and although my issue was an emergency, I was offered an appointment six weeks hence (which would have rendered any advice useless) and told this is typical in major cities due to lack of trained staff.   I have heard similar stories from other people and had a very similar experience 20 odd years back.  I was eventually able to obtain advice through the Martin Lewis site which led me to a fourth sector charity which was able to advise me over the phone.
Very true. On a level though I'm pleased that some kind of effort is underway, for now I'm going to cross my fingers and hope it works.
They do, that's true, but having re-designed the billing system for one of the major suppliers in the last few years I have little sympathy for them - electronic systems in the industry are a disaster as is the underlying infrastructure and that's simply down to underinvestment and lack of will on the part of the government and the industry.   IMO what they're really doing is using the charge to cover debt losses for the poorest consumers.
Given the apparent extent of the relationship breakdown I think it does. Renault didn't get enough credit from the WDC's, RBR appear to be not only dumping on Renault (only some of which is deserved) but also actively pursuing other engine manufacturers.   I imagine Renault have asked themselves if RBR are a reliable partner going forward and concluded they're not.
Its a very big thing indeed - its all very well for people to argue that marriage is a religious status alone but that simply isn't the case in modern society - so many of our legal systems and international laws are built on conveying rights via the simple term 'marriage' that those without the ability to marry are quickly deprived of basic rights by simply stepping over an international border.  Survivor benefits could indeed be conveyed by contracts but there are a couple of big problems with that. Firstly it's within the discretion of the company - Apple will pay out, Hobby Lobby won't. Secondly when it comes to insurance its a matter of the legal term - legally they're only required to recognise the status of certain relationships and without a change in the law that doesn't happen because it would increase costs - this leads to LGBQT people paying more for certain kinds of insurance and having to have specially drawn up wills etcetera.
Its the same every time the engine formula changes, it just takes a while for everyone to catch up, and we had great racing last year in any case.   Everyone is complaining about the engine regs, but, looking at the rate of token spend, the problems Renault and Honda have are way more fundamental than even unlimited development could fix. They can't make the systems they have work.  Also F1 is a business as are the teams. From Mercedes perspective they've invested four years and close to a billion dollars on that car - how is it then fair to ask them to basically cease their development and allow the other teams to catch up?
McLaren planning to debut new lightweight monocoque at Silverstone
It [isn't](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/eureferendum/11617702/poll.html) thats a claim based on one recent poll, and looking at 30 years of tracking data shows it to be a foolish claim.
Get the election results spreadsheet and have a look at the bottom 100 seats. Even under FPFS the shift in the second placed parties combined with the change in electoral landscape make the loss of 100 or more Tory seats likely in any case.   That's the real message behind this election - the Tories played well and scored a majority they didn't expect whilst everyone else fizzled out and arguably fear won the day - but the electoral landscape over the next two election cycles look very poor for both of the main parties as neither can count on their core vote in the way that they used to.
And yet their system often prioritizes unskilled workers - and the fact remains that the points system is only one of several systems!  The second study was one I mentioned, from the UKBA Migration Watch Committee because it's conclusion is complimentary but focusses on only A8 data. If you actually read the study rather than the hyperbolic press reports it too concludes that:-  We find no association between working-age migrants and native employment: (i) in buoyant economic times; (ii) for EU migrants; (iii) for the period 1975-1994. By contrast, we find a negative association between working-age migrants and native employment: (i) in depressed economic times; (ii) for non-EU migrants; (iii) for the period 1995-2010.  So outside of recessionary periods (Q2 2008 - Q2 2009) when there is positive growth there is no link, and looking at the wider dataset, as the first report does rather than just considering A8 data, there is also no link.  Youth unemployment has been a problem for some time - especially since the credit crunch struck in the mid 2000s. Looking at the geographic data it's mainly focussed in inner cities where educational attainment is poor. The shadow economy is also a factor - those employed in illegal enterprises still show up in the figures along with gap year students and young people working in the voluntary sector or caring for relatives.  Companies are less willing to train staff, less willing to hire younger people, and often have young people working in internships who are entirely supported by the benefits system or the bank of mum and dad. Public sector job cuts also disproportionately affect young people as the public sector is more willing to hire the young.  My good friends daughter was forced to work through four years of unpaid full-time internships prior to finding a job, another friend's daughter went for one of this government's much vaunted apprenticeships only to discover it was a complete con and she was stuck as the tea girl for a year both received JSA and were classed as unemployed throughout.  The reality is the majority of young people with good educational attainment are not competing for the same jobs as migrants.
Cheeky dig at Red Bull from McLaren's Neale: "We're not going to start tearing apart the relationship between chassis   engine manufacturer"
Honda confirms F1 engine upgrade for Canadian Grand Prix
Formula One moved around a lot more in Prost's day than the current era - we now have 10 year contracts for staging races - in the 80's it was much more random affair. Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, South Africa, 6 different American tracks, 3 different British tracks, Austria, Switzerland, even Portugal to name a few. There were also plenty of one off and non-championship races at a wide variety of locations.  Its equally true that teams would have as many as 6 drivers in a season, just look at the [teams and drivers](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1980_Formula_One_season#Drivers_and_constructors) in the 1980 season.  That's one of the reason's it's taken 22 years for this record to come close to being broken. Prost had a 13 year career with 199 race starts, Lewis has had an 8 year career to date with 154 starts.
I don't see how you can claim that it's a widely held view that Hamilton was suddenly and unexpectedly told to pit or that he was at fault. His part in the decision was noted in the race commentary, in his comments after the race, and virtually every article on the topic written since.   Discussing if it's sensible to pit isn't the same as requesting to pit and many people in this sub are using this as an avenue to criticise Hamilton (who drove an imperious weekend) - especially the Rosbergerttes.  [James Allen's analysis](http://www.jamesallenonf1.com/2015/05/talking-point-how-will-mercedes-make-it-up-to-hamilton-for-lost-monaco-victory/) (emphasis mine) below. Interesting because it includes the timings (20 secs to make the decision), introduces Nasr's stop as a factor, and explains the parameters of the decision from the team's perspective.   Also of note is that Toto revealed last night that the [teams don't have GPS at Monaco](http://adamcooperf1.com/2015/05/24/toto-wolff-we-got-the-maths-wrong/) which would have affected their decision making ability.  Hamilton was part of the decision making process, as he confirmed after the race, telling the team that the soft tyres were losing temperature and pressure behind the safety car and *if there was sufficient gap to easily pit and rejoin on new, warm supersofts for the final 12 laps, it would make sense.* The team was protecting itself from a possible move by Ferrari to pit Vettel onto supersofts and then have him attack them at the restart, when he would have been right behind on faster tyres.  The top line is that there was a transition from Virtual Safety Car to Safety car; at the end of Sector 1 of the lap on which he pitted, Hamilton had a lead over Rosberg of 26.802 seconds, more than enough to pit with a comfortable margin. A pit stop at racing speeds takes 24 seconds at Monaco and at Safety Car speeds you only need a gap of around 17s to make the stop and retain position.  *What happened was that Hamiltons Sector 2 time was slower than he or the team expected; he took 53.240 secs to complete that sector, while Rosberg took just 44.5 secs. The gap came down from 26 seconds to just 18.*  Hamilton lost time behind the Safety Car, in other words, when it picked him up. He then lost another 1.5secs in the pit lane, thats how much slower his stop was than his first stop (which had been the fastest of the day). Nasr went past in the Sauber just as he was due to be released, which added a little to the end of the stop.  As soon as it happened, everyone realised that the move had been a mistake, but as Toto Wolff says, the calculations didnt keep up with the eventualities. Alarm bells should have gone off when Hamilton came through the Sector 2 beam and the gap had been reduced to 18 seconds  this made it a risky move to pit Hamilton. There was little time to think; Sector 3 takes 28 secs to complete across the finish line at Safety Car speeds and so they would have up to 20 seconds before he would need to enter the pits.  As for his reaction many people seem to have forgotten he lost the 2007 WDC on a team call to stay out a lap longer than he should have on tyres that were down to the canvas. I doubt the similarities of the two situations will have been lost on him.
We have not resigned our seat, but we have no genuine influence within the Security Council. Thanks in large part to our appalling behavior in going into Iraq with Bush, the joke that was our military performance whilst in Iraq and Afghanistan, our absent Navy and outdated airforce. We have nothing serious to offer anyone - as our laughable part the Libya operation proved.  The City of London has been on fire since the recession, little has been done to combat the cultural problems that led to 2008 and it's the banks that have the power, not the treasury. Just look at HSBC's startling intervention in the election campaign - it feared a backlash from no one. An EU exit will lead to the serious players leaving en-masse. Preparations for such an exit are well underway at a number of companies I work with.  We sold Oxford, Cambridge and Sandhurst to the children of dictators and international students when we ceased properly funding higher education. Every university is entirely reliant on private funding and income obtained outside government to stay alive.  We are almost exclusively reliant on private finance, charity, visitor centre income or EU funding to preserve our world heritage and nationally important sites. I had a conversation with English Heritage last year seeking emergency help with a literally collapsing 400 year old listed monument - no money, unlikely to be any money for a decade, I was advised to apply to the EU or the lottery 'thats all we do'.  We remain culturally influential but we're not taken seriously in any office outside Downing Street. The idea of the special relationship is a thin and distant memory because it relied on our ability to influence Europe and military support.
Alonso wasn't whistleblowing.   The emails Alonso was threatening to turn over were those exchanged between himself Coughlan and Pedro De La Rosa actually using the Ferrari information between themselves. What he wanted in return for not revealing them was number one status. Dennis refused to be blackmailed and turned the team into the FIA himself.   Until that point McLaren's story had been that they received the information, but no one actually used it (at least there was no proof that was the case). Since Alonso and De La Rosa had actually used it, and Alonso could prove it from his own email account, that's what blew the case open again.   The assertions that Dennis treated Hamilton better than Alonso are basically nonsense - Dennis has a very long history of letting his drivers race fairly whereas Alonso was expecting number one status - his treatment after the row with Ron over Spygate was completely understandable as he had basically pissed all over the team and no one at any level of the organisation could tolerate that.  Lets not forget here that Hamilton turned in the best rookie season the sport has ever seen, frequently beating an experienced double world champion with 6 more seasons of F1 experience. Without the team's tyre mistake at the Chinese Grand Prix, he would have won the WDC in his rookie season.
It looks radical for sure, but the fundamental that led to this design is still dealt with in the modern era with less obvious imagination, but imagination non-the-less.  It's not the only six wheeled F1 car, but it is the only one to race - there's the [March 2-4-0](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/March_2-4-0), [Ferrari 312T6](http://s183.photobucket.com/user/Starcowboy/media/Enzo/312t2-6a.jpg.html), and even a Williams. Ferrari even tried an eight wheeled version of the [312T6](http://pixgood.com/ferrari-312t6.html)  Funnily enough the reasoning behind the 6 wheels was dealing with dirty air better to reduce drag, these days we do that through the complicated front wings.
Try deleting the app downloading it again and restoring the subscription. This worked for me.
Ferrari just seem to have pursued a completely different car concept.   If I understand RBR correctly they relied on the short nose solution to deal with the turbulent air over the front wheels, couldn't get it through the crash tests, and the car is a dog without it. Hence their thinking that they will see major gains now they have it working.   Ferrari appear to have focussed on unleashing last years aero-compromised engine, improving the suspension geometry, and getting the cooling right, rather than expending staff time and money on the nose.
In sheer terms of the number of F1 driver records held, the only people ahead of Hamilton (52) are Schumacher (100) and Vettel (72).   He's already eclipsed Clark (36), Senna (37), Lauda (16), Prost (42), Mansell (29), Stewart (14), Fangio (37), Ascari (20), Hill (5), Hkkinen (17), Alonso (46) and many more.   If that doesn't make him one of the great drivers of the sport then I don't know what does.
Yep. To be honest I'm disappointed in him, every time Moss opens his mouth on Lewis or women in motor racing something crass comes out.   When people like the English Defence League are putting your quotes on T-Shirts you should wonder if your views aren't a little out of touch.    "In those days we were proud to be English. It's different now, there's probably only about ten million of us Englishmen left. All the others have come in here from God knows where....."  On women in motorsport:  "We've got some very strong and robust ladies, but, when your life is at risk, I think the strain of that in a competitive situation will tell when you're trying to win. The mental stress I think would be pretty difficult for a lady to deal with in a practical fashion. I just don't think they have aptitude to win a Formula 1 race."
This is the peak of Rosberg's F1 career - he has the best car, the best engine, the best team, and enough money to buy the best trainers and sports psychologists.   Every advantage you could want as a driver is his - his future is entirely in his own two hands. So, while I do feel some sympathy for his obvious difficulties, its not a huge amount.
We designed engines that output fantastic amounts of heat - the more powerful the engines became the more heat we had to deal with.  Then we designed aero that streamlines the cars movement, but throws off extremely turbulent air.  Then we discovered that a consequence of both was that you would destroy your tyres, and also your brakes, getting near the driver in front - you could barely establish tow anymore - so overtaking became impossible.  DRS and narrower cars and rear wings are a technical solution to a technically generated problem. Push-to-pass is just another solution to the same issue.
I realise that's the meme on costs but where is the evidence that this is a new problem?  Most say 'teams are going under' - since 1950 there have been 137 official F1 constructors, only 10 remain active and the median average constructor competes for 3 seasons, in 20 races, with 5 drivers wins nothing, and scores no points.  'Costs are increasing' - In 2003 Jordan Ford's annual budget was around [$79 million](http://www.economist.com/node/2785546), in 2015 dollars thats $101 million, which is about the annual budget estimation for the mid-pack teams today, some are as low as $80 million.   Ferrari by comparison were spending $300 - $400 million in 2003, and they're spending around $250 million this year.   Overall that suggests that costs have slowed or remained the same rather than climbed as steeply as everyone seems to imagine.  People also bang on about the race fee, but FOM has cut sweetheart deals for most of the old european circuits, and has covered Hockenheim's losses since 2009 to the tune of 27 million Euro. People act like the race fee is pure profit that is being drained out of the sport - again no evidence - F1's profits last year were $398 million on $1.6 billion revenue - most of the costs were money paid out to the teams.
He did, and as I say, I don't want to take away from Ricciardo's achievements, which are many and impressive. There is an unfortunate tendency these days to view saying that, for example, Hamilton is a 'historic' driver as implied criticism of Rosberg - when it isn't. A fast glance at the F1 driver record books is enough to settle that debate.  I haven't lived in Aussie since 2005, but I do remember Murray Walker doing a Channel 10 special with Alan Jones on one of that era's races - perhaps it was just a special. Since I was travelling at the time I wasn't really in touch with TV.
Sebastian Vettel Angers Lewis Hamilton overtaking him out of the pitlane - fair or not?
Revitalised Raikkonen gets a chance to show his pace
Overheating hub behind Kvyat's issues
Lotus much easier to drive on limit now, says Chester
How will Ricciardo handle being beaten by Kvyat?
Manor racing to be ready for Melbourne says Booth
Lessons Learned from 2nd Formula 1 Test in Barcelona