Short and Sweet   What is this feeling of the walls creeping in, the quiet noise of forever, and the different shades of black. To bow without achievement, to leave without ever being known. I can not disclose my identity in the interest of protecting what I write.   Look to the stars and tell me how big you feel? Take notice of the dirt below your feet and describe to me your home. There is so much *life* for you outside of the shell you currently *possess*.    Envision a boy that battles daily with imaginary monsters. Each day the monsters make the boy more frightened. The boy flees to the nearest forest. He carefully constructs a fort made of branches. The boy feels free of the imaginary monsters, but wolves own this forest.   What came first God or Man?  I cannot disclose my identity because my existence has long since expired, I don't know how long it took the wolves to pick up the scent of the boy, and I've never met God, but look to the stars and tell me how big you feel?
I'm a Realtor that lives along Shore Drive. As a 22 yearold you may really like that area. Pretty much the oceanfront without the tourists or tourist shops. If you want to send me a PM with your information, I'll give you a call. It's a great place to live.
Hey I just wanted to say incredible job!!
Eh 2 active spots.. Iwakuma will be hurt for a while and I agree about Fister being pretty good too. Is a Fiers, Syndergaard, Paxton, type guy available? Whats the best pitchers available right now? Sorry just can't really answer that last one without knowing who's available. I do think Iwakuma is a top 30-50 starter.  EDIT: btw look at my most recent post about my team. I asked for feedback but I guess I posted it in the wrong spot but would love to hear your feedback as well.
NO.
You know nothing John Snow!!!!!!
You killed it today with AVEO
Ordering Suit Supply Online?   So long story short, business has been good. I've always wanted to wear a suit daily and I'm near that point now. If you look at my previous posts, I purchased an Indochino suit (scheduled April 19th) and a Black Lapel suit (scheduled April 19th) Well I was able to put a couple more big closings together and I was already planning to do somewhat of an amateur review for you guys, so I decided I would look at purchasing a suit from Suit Supply. Unfortunately I'm not near a Suit Supply, is it possible to to still purchase a suit from them? I have my measurements from Black Lapel/Indochino to reference, but I don't know how well they would translate to Suit Supply.   Height: 6'1"  Weight: 195 pounds Jacket Length: 31.25" Chest Size: 41.75" Lower Waist: 37.5" Upper Waist: 36" Shoulder Size: 18.75" Sleeve Length: 25.25" Hips: 42.50" Waist: 37.50" Thigh: 25.50" Knee: 16"  Any suggestions or what should I look for? Thank you.
Sold my gaming PC and not planning to build another one for atleast another year or so but I'm just as excited as most PC owners because I can't wait to watch hours upon hours of videos of all the impressive work modders will do with V.
Edit: Whoaaaa, I was not expecting gold for such a stupid comment but thank you!!
Figured it out, but thank you!
Ugh, locked out of game   First off I know this is my fault. I know I'm an idiot, and I know I'm not worthy. Ok now that I have made my peace this is what I did last night.   I own OOTP, purchased VIA APP STORE on my macbook pro. I downloaded patch #6 from the official forums. I did not read the disclaimer not to do this. I downloaded and added to my apps. Now I can't delete the game from my apps list and it thinks I'm using a demo version of the game. Please help
Are you on Xbox One? I need a buddy to team up with.
I read this as all three of y'all were in a sleeping bag, but you were down in the bottom, she asked if you and your girlfriend were doing anything and received a muffled murmur and then she got involved and you guys fucked roughly for 2 weeks.   I like.
This is the coolest thing I've ever seen in my life. *CRIES*
We get it! You have a Porsche, God.... OP is such a freakin show off!
Barack Obama and Betty White.
That's all a shame, not sure why this question got down voted but Ive been itching to take a little bit and was thinking about either a free share or back to UO (more for the relationships then for the new style of play) but have also been checking in on SOA every month or so. Considered putting some money into the startup but I just don't see too much I like as of now.
Trees a squarter
I'm personally making a big bet on this stock. I feel like it's near the bottom and I have moved all stock money into just GTAT. I'm also in no need for that money and plan to be waiting for quite some time. (6 months - 1 year)
Collin McHugh just came out?   All I saw was McHugh was pulled for injury delay, WHAT HAPPENED!?!?
Don't go to college, get a 9 to 5 job, save up my money, and google "Bitcoin" religiously... and patiently wait.
Editing headshot for background   I hope this is the correct place. I'm a Realtor ... in Virginia as my name has given away. I've noticed a few photos, including one we have at our disposal, can be used on flyers and websites where only the picture is shown. No background or blank space so if you place a different colored background, there is not a square or block. The one example I have is we have a company logo with a .png format that can be placed on anything and it's only the Logo, no block or white background. What exactly is this called? And can you do it with a mac with basic software, no photoshop etc.? I would really like to do it with my headshot and some additional logos (Realtor logo etc.)  I'm sorry for my lack of knowledge and probably terrible description but any help would be welcome. Also is there any companies that do ?   Thank you
buzzkill
Such a bad show
How much for the bathroom accessory
Ty Cobb.
CRISS CROSS
My listing package is a video virtual your ($200), Home Warranty Supplied for buyer ($400), agreement to have the house open every Saturday/Sunday for the first 6 weeks and I never use a lock box . If an agent wants to show the property I'm always present because who knows the house better, the listing agent or an agent that's never been inside. With that said I never negotiate commission and a lot of Realtors list for 1-2% and never do anything. Really get what you pay for.
I just wish on Monday I put my life savings into CYNK and on Thursday I sold it all off, my weekend would have been delightful
Hasn't aged a day
No problem, if you have anymore questions you can contact me- just shoot me a PM. If your a self motivator you'll do great. I was the same way, at the office at 6 AM and even though I was in more of a foreman role, I was always helping whether running equipment or having a shovel in my hand. So when I came over here I immediately transitioned to being in the office everyday at 9:00 am and I can say that 2 of my clients came to me because nobody else was in the office and we had a walk in. One of which equated to my first exclusive sale, hence the birth of my post. Good luck