After a vicious chlorine attack, these sea lions look overjoyed, frolicking back to the ocean
Most the true NBA fans I know revere the Spurs.  Same here. The Spurs may not be their favorite team, but they respect us. And about the "boring" part the OP mentioned, we've always been low key compared to the other superstars. But that's how we do things.
Darn it. I totally missed the game due to time zone difference!!! Thank goodness for this thread. Thumbs up guys...esp. the Duncan GIF.
Sleep well!
We've got this, guys. Till next time!  Edit: Timmy IS the man.
LOL. Love the scruffy look, though.
It is sad indeed, but yes, he deserves the rest. His playing style doesn't really contribute to his physical state.   What he said, though, "I am bound to San Antonio for life"...I'll have to say it's reciprocal. *The feels*
Theon...hahaha. Love me my sausages, but I don't think I can eat this item if I were at your party.
It would also be a good thing to mix your tweets - share relevant articles and something your boss would like to share (his own words). The latter can be pre-determined during your "hashing out of clear objective". You can also make this a topic during your regular meetings.  One more tip: if you need to reply to a tweet, and the reply is not merely a "thank you for sharing", it's a good idea to consult your boss first.
"There are so many horrible writers trying to make a go at freelancing that all you really need is 1 decent piece and someone will hire you for 10 bucks."  Indeed, and there are even sites which have levels for writers. X amount for 'poor writing', XX amount for 'good enough writing', etc. I don't remember what site this was, but when I saw it some months back, I was appalled.  The market is that bad, that yes, you can earn as a "writer" even if you can't write.
Guide to dogs of the world
Lucky you.
Have you ever had any struggles with money (urgent need) and compromising values?
Squeed here, too!
Very Cute Animals That Can Kill You
Interesting point of view. I remember reading a story about a boy whose father was an elephant herder, and the point of it was that an elephant never forgets - in a positive way. I don't remember all the details as I was very young then, but the young boy used to play with a young elephant and years later, in the midst of an elephant stampede the then adult herder was saved by the adult elephant, who never forgot.  But I ramble...your post is a good reminder. Thank you.
[Facepalm](http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view5/20131214/4923516/picard-facepalm-original-o.gif)
30 challenges for 30 days. I want to give some a try. Who's up to it?
Can't really blame the guy, can you?
I have to say that it is my favorite episode. And the way the 9th just uttered that sentence - it made me feel happy that I teared up. Yeah, something the 9th probably wouldn't do, but it does show just how much the Doctor cares.
Right on. I read a quote once, I just can't remember who said but it went along the lines of the best way to feel better is to help others/make others happy.
It *is* a good one. Just because I didn't recognize her (I'm really bad with faces anyway) doesn't take anything away from the piece.
Oldie, but still one of the best articles on Comic Sans: http://buff.ly/1y8IN7c
That's exactly what I was thinking. But what if "it" stains in the wrong place? Better to have more flowers cover that area...
You guys are lucky. I've had a MacBooks conk out on me a couple weeks after the warranty ran out. Apple wouldn't cover the expense (motherboard issues), so it's now a PlaceMac for plates when eating while watching TV.
A lot of people are making jokes, but this is pretty serious news. He has worked with many child actors and has a long list of credits according to imdb. This is going to shock and hurt a lot of people...  Yup. Even though it was "just" a character he was playing in 7th Heaven, that show was a huge thing for me as a child, and hearing this sort of thing is rather awful.
That's exactly my point. Is it? I certainly don't think so. Do you?
Ugh. The truth does hurt, but this in-your-face article should wake some people up.
Also, at times like this it can be really hard to want to spend time with other people, but see if there's a friend or family member who you can spend some time with, just talking, and sharing. Having someone with you will make things that much better to cope with.  This is paramount and very effective if you make sure you're surrounded by people who truly believe in you and do not bring you down (even in unintentionally).  Chin up. You'll get through this.
If you like it real spooky, this list's gonna get you going.
Terry Pratchett, Meteorites and Swords, The Title Alone Should Make You Drool Already
WiiMotes That Could Be, WiiMotes That SHOULD Be - Xena+Wolverine+MacGyver. Awesome!