Been spoiled the ending of "The Stand". Is it still worth reading?   Hey Reddit, I've been on a bit of a Stephen king binge recently, and a book that looks interesting is The Stand. However, a little while ago I have been spoiled part of what the end is. I know that [Randall Flagg caused someone to set off a nuke](#s). I already know that the ending is seen as the weak part of the book, and I likely only know a small part of it anyhow. Would knowing what I know cheapen the experience, and make the Goliath of a book not worth reading? Or is the journey still worth it?
Friday for EU and Sunday for NA.
I believe
I'm not arguing that hai did *well* at worlds, because he really didn't. But you have to remember that Hai, especially when behind is extremely selfless. He'd purposely sacrifice himself to win a teamfight. That's why there was so many games where it looked like Hai was feeding, but c9 was still winning fights and taking over the game.
The reason why it's working IMO is that Bjergsen is on the same level as the rest of the mids in this tourney, unlike in NA where he is clearly above everyone else. This means the teams don't have to worry as much about him snowballing out of control, so they can focus Dyrus more and still be fine. If Incarnation lives up to the hype this could be a viable strat for c9 as well.
Yeah he's my second most played champ. His play style has changed a bit, making him more difficult for solo queue, but he's still effective. He's mechanically easy, just requires game sense and experience with him more then anything. If you're just learning him you'll likely misjudge his damage for awhile. (Like your auto-W and ult both do a deceptively high amount of damage, and your QE does a lot less)
Nocturne top. You outtrade him early on with your passive (you don't draw minion aggro with it if you use it on a minion and hit Darius too), you all-in him level 2 or 3 and win every time. If you end up behind you can either shove him in easy and roam or just CS with your Q. Once you get Botrk you can 1v1 him easily for the rest of the game, you can do it even earlier if your confident with your spell shielding of his ult.
She's a direct counterpick to Velkoz, of course you're going to have a rough time. It's like a pre-nerf talon being picked against Kassadin, the lane is supposed to be living hell.
Hai does tilt to be fair
MPen is more important then AP. Kog has low AP ratios but pretty high bases. My general build goes tear, Guise, Sorcs, Rylais, Void, Ludens. You can take a death cap over Ludens if you want more consistent DPS over higher burst (this is only if you consistently hit every ult), or Grail instead for more spammability. I'm not a fan of a defensive item as you can duel basically anyone who dives you in a 1v1 with your exhaust up, but if there's more then one person you mispositioned badly and you'll likely die anyways.   For advice just farm as safely as you can until 6, and from there just afk farm until level 11. Once you hit level 7 you can basically perma shove the enemy laner into their tower as a E + ult clears the caster minions. In team fights just spam ult for the most of it, don't get greedy and try getting into  auto attack range unless you're cleaning up or duelling a diver. You can basically duel anybody that isn't a mobile assassin late game if you have your exhaust up.
I wouldn't say that. Historically sneaky was the person known for doing the most with little. Only in recent times has sneaky really had to be the main carry, due to hai and balls slumping early this split. Plus if you look at the fold distribution, it shows that meteos is actually the one with the highest gold priority in respect to other roles. Sneaky is dead even with the average gold alloted to an adc.
His Mao is pretty good to be fair
It's a skill matchup more then anything.
Deciding to drastically change their entire playstyle against the best team in the world is a pretty stupid choice. They could have easily played it like they did SSB at worlds, and they mightve just had a chance. Rumble had a early first blood, Sneaky/Lemon were dominating lane, Hai was in trouble, but could just play it as safe as he could. Instead they try stupid plays, that just get capitalized on over and over and led to the stomp that this was.
It's 5am pacific time
Because they didn't buff her. They shifted her power from the %health (which is massive on the first clear),  to her burst. Basically, she won't clear as well early on, and the poke from her traps will hurt a lot less. But in return, they solidify her assassin role by giving her higher burst on her E.
Sirchez plays him to success in masters. He blind picks him and everything. If you like him enough, you can play him in pretty much any elo (you'll start to have troubles the higher you rise, but that won't be for quite a while)
There's basically nothing riot can do (besides an absurd nerf or complete rework) that will make kassadin not viable. I say go for him. He's really fun to play, and fairly easy to pick up. He's also got a high skillcap (not in a mechanical sense, more of just knowing his limits and when to go in/out) so he's rewarding to master. Just remember that he has a long ramp-up time, (especially if they keep nerfing his base damages). You can't do too much until ROA + Zhonyas, and you don't really start dealing strong damage until over 3 items in.
To be honest, even as an 'off-meta' pick, he just doesn't really have anything going for him. His attack speed scaling is horrendous, (.777 at level 18), he has low range (550 is the norm), no mobility at all, and no AD scaling. He has literally 0 traits you would want in an adc, besides some small self peel, which you won't need as nobody will focus you due to dealing zero damage. Velkoz is just completely outclassed. Most off meta picks like adc twisted fate or adc ahri have things going for themselves that make them not dead-weight. Ahri has a massive mid game spike and insane kiting and self peel, and twisted fate has an attack speed steroid, self peel, and a decent magic damage on-hit steriod.    You can go ahead and try it if you want, just it really isn't worth the effort.
It's a combination of high damage, and gapclosers/sticking potential. Give two early kills to an akali/riven, and they can just jump on you and 100/0 you anytime you go near them. They can just go around and kill anybody they want. Meanwhile, getting two kills on someone like a orianna or Karthus won't let you snowball as hard as you can't force your advantage like you can on Fiora or Katarina. And champions like rammus or nautilus don't have the same damage output as the aforementioned champions, so even though they can push their advantage, odds are the enemy will be able to make it to their turret, or escape in other ways before you can kill them.
I have never seen a Janna flame in my life.
Ryze Q  Kassadin Q  Taric E  Tristana R  Xerath passive  You literally walk up to someone, hover over them and press QWER, then walk away.
Hang in there man, about a month ago I was in b4 too. Now I'm in silver 3 and still climbing. Just keep focusing on improving, and find a champion that can A) hard carry games B) Can punish opponents mistakes C) You love playing. All I mean by this criteria is that while someone like Nunu, Lulu, Mundo, etc. might be fun to play, odds are you can't carry a bot lane that gave up 5 kills to a Lucian at the 10 minute mark.  For me those champions were Irelia, Nocturne, and Kassadin (For top, jungle, and mid respectively)
The buffs don't fix what made him considered a weak pick just last patch, rather they help his already strong late game. While the dragon and baron buffs help, the odds are the team that has a rumble sitting on a haunting guise, or a gnar with a brutalizer, will win every early dragon fight compared to the team with a Jax with a sheen. The new turrets do make it harder to dive the enemy laner, and the majority of the picks now are safe enough to avoid it in the first place. Jax is one of my favorite champions, and I'm happy to see him back. I just don't see what makes him a priority blind pick now.
These videos are just to show funny, unorthodox builds. Watching Nautilus one-shot someone with their anchor is funny, watching crittlesticks melt people with his autos is funny. And so is seeing voidlings that look like dogs destroy people. It doesn't have to affect the 'viability' of the build.
This was exactly my point. She is extremely safe, is a strong laner, and has good poke, but her drawback is that she has no real steroids ( besides her passive, which is strong in lane, but inconsistent late game) and badly scaling abilities (since her only real damage abilities have long cast times, plus get outdamaged late game by her autos) and are real easy to avoid.   She is a good, safe adc, but compared to Vayne, Kog, Trist, Twitch, or even Jinx late game she just doesn't have the raw damage to be considered a hypercarry.
Apparently Warwick is god-tier right now. His sustain is so useful in the new jungle, and the new devourer enchantment (40 magic damage flare), plus the true damage on-hit smite literally let's him 100-0 champions at level 6. There's a few videos going around, and it is completely ridiculous. You just walk up to a champion, smite him, ult and collect your free 400 gold
Pingu
Sophie Turner
I could imagine it being bad, and just going downhill from there.  "How many people masturbated to me?"  "3"  "Eh, that's pretty low. Were the girls hot at least?"  "They were guys."  "Were the *guys* decent looking then?"  "It was the old guy who lives next door, your gym teacher, and your creepy uncle."   "..fuck"
I honestly feel the opposite. The character development is a lot better this season, and unlike past seasons there isn't really anyone that you truly don't care about. The only member of the main group that I'm indifferent about is Sasha.
Its a war game, and a great one at that. However a big side portion of the game is building up character 'supports', which makes them help eachother in battle more. They can also have children, which are usually the best units in the game. This leads many people to focus purely on the relationship and eugenics side of the game, to try to get the most overpowered kids possible.