Already downvoted in less than a minute......  Here's the best part: "Any time you're talking about massive investment of public resources, it ought to be treated in the same way that a venture capitalist would treat it," Kucinich said. "There's no business in the worldno bank, no venture capital fundthat would give money to an entity without asking for anything in return. Negotiate a position in the same way that a venture capitalist would. You become a partner, not simply someone who is playing Santa Claus with taxpayer money."
Bill Simmons: Its the Junior Griffey All-Stars. If it ever came out that Junior used PEDs, an entire generation of American men would be emotionally destroyed.
wiki "DeBartolo was involved in the corruption case of former Louisiana governor Edwin Edwards. DeBartolo pleaded guilty to a charge of failing to report a felony, and received a $1 million fine and two years of probation in return for his testimony against Edwards.[5] Edwards was on trial for extortion and other charges, among which were the $400,000 he demanded from DeBartolo to gain a river boat casino license.   DeBartolo never received the license, was fined by the NFL, and barred from active control of the 49ers for one year."  He lost control of the franchise shortly thereafter.
"First 48" by Tom Segura
Even Pretending To Be A Professional Tennis Player Is Terrifying | What it was like to be stat-tracked like Djokovic for a day.
Dave Chappelle vs the new intolerance
'New York Times' continues to perpetuate the myth that Detroit is an awesome place for artists | Blogs | Detroit Metro Times
How does a bill work?
The Pros And Cons Of Flying The Confederate Flag -e
I would imagine they run the sport like a business, giving people what they want for the most part and realizing they're not gonna make everyone happy.  Put one the big 4 on a small court and I bet fans wouldn't be happy.
New York City Abuzz Over New Resident
Luke Capasso--Women, Am I Right? - YouTube
Henry Rollins: Fuck Suicide | A criticism of Robin Williams' suicide
Nascar Wrecks at Daytona - YouTube
TIL almost half the European immigrants to the US before 1775 were indentured servants.
Marlins Fan Sues Team After Bob the Shark Mascot Tries To Eat Her Head
Paul's Boutique is the Dust Brothers masterpiece.    Get It Together is a great song but it's more Q-Tips.  Beastie Boys are a boy band with great people working for them.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lNVoQNNClmU
They're more likely into the birdfood Whole Foods sells, so they're more likely to be bird brains.  There's some starvation-efficiency modus operandi going on, I'm guessing.  I drove a Prius for a while.  It's a well-made li'l shitbox.  All those backlight center screen cars are annoyingly shit.  An invite to distracted driving.  Even in the newer BMWs and Hondas they are shit.
I like her disproportioned head.  http://www.technologytell.com/entertainment/files/2015/03/Rihanna.jpg  *maybe face is what I meant
That's how reddit works
"Moderators may use their discretion to determine whether a post is trashy or not."  That's a fancy way to say you're taking it out of the vote of the subreddit and censoring shit yourself.
It sounds like a laugh track/canned laughter.  I think people might be getting had on this.
I get it.  Most people seem to understand how social media works.    The person who hipped me to the highlight reel narrative was a married woman years ago.  There's also drama, tragedy, first world complaints....  People complain about the weather, traffic, their partners, raising kids.  I think it's morphing into a more complete real world view.    If you sign up to get married and cheat, you're simply a person of low moral character regardless of society or social media.  Even money he had all the cues that she was like this but chose to ignore them.
Read the article or skip to the end.  Maybe it makes a decent point.  Maybe not.
It's the title of the article.  I can't help you're being prejudicial.
"You know, the $20-per-month artist-owned streaming music site offering high-fidelity audio and exclusive video clips to gullible starfuckers that was unveiled in a gaudy, live-streamed circle jerk wherein a murderers row of multimillionaire artistsJay Z, Beyonc, Rihanna, Madonna, Jack White, Daft Punk, Kanye West, etc.proclaimed they were out to forever change the course of music history before signing a declaration of independence. All in all it was a ridiculous, wildly out of touch spectacle. "
He apologized and was charged with 2 misdemeanors.  A baseball game is essentially an outdoor bar.  I think Shane Victorino, the player, didn't really care since it didn't effect the outcome.
It was directed and screenwritten by Mary Harron and openly lesbian Guinevere Turner, so she had to call off her dogs on the movie I think.  Leo was being groomed to be an everyman movie star.  A dark murderer probably wasn't a good fit career-wise.
Deleted parts:  Something else concerns me and it hurts, see I'm, I'm single, I'm a single man, I don't have nobody, I'm looking for somebody and- but I'm meeting a lot of women out there, and you got some beautiful women, but you got some out there that, uh, I gotta say somethin'. Um... some of you are not washing your ass properly.* (laughter   applause) OK? Don't- don't get me wrong, not all, some of you, you know what I'm sayin', uh... I'm sorry, 'Cause uh, listen, now, I don't know what it is a woman got to do to keep up the hygiene on the body I know, uh, I'm watching douche commercials on television, and I'm wonderin' if some of you are reading the instructions. I don't think so. Y'know, 'cause I'm getting with some of the ladies, smelling odors, going "Wait a minute. (gestures with index finger) Girl, smell this! This you! Smell yourself, girl."  Smell yourself! I tell a woman in a minute, douche! douche! Some women don't like when you tell them that, when you straightforward with them. "Douche!" They, (imitating woman) "Forget you! You cannot douche all the time, you're gonna wash all the natural juices out the body." I say, well, I dont give a damn what you do, put a Tic-Tac in your ass. Put a Cert in your ass. Oh, oh, y'know, this look like a good damn place for a Stick-up up in your ass.  I'm sorry, y'all. You got to wash properly. You know, and then, you know, 'cause I'm a man, I like to kiss on women, you know, I like to kiss all over their bodies, you know. But if you're not clean in your proper areas I can't... you know... kiss all over the places I wanna kiss. You know, some women'll let you go down, you know what I'm sayin', knowin' they got a yeast infection. (Some audience disgust) I'm sorry. Sorry. Come up with dough all on your damn lip... Got a bagel and a croissant on your lip. "Anybody got any butter?" I like jelly on mine.  Well look here, y'all, we got a great show for you tonight, cause I'm here. (Cheers and applause) That's right. I'm here, Crash- yo, yo! Crash Test Dummies are here so yo, we'll be back, hang on, we gonna be back, we gonna do our thing!
I forgot this was /r/nfl where everything is serious business.  Yes, I know who Howe is.  Met him once.  He didn't act like a star just an ambassador for the sport.  I thought that was great.  He's big.  Especially for an 'old timer'.
Does nothing.  A picture is a snapshot of nothing.    A video tells another story.  You can send that to their safety director and that will do something.  They also talk to all the other safety directors in the area and nationwide.  Semi drivers are on a schedule.  They might not want to drive like shit, but are kinda pushed to.
Seems more people think Buffalo Bill was the more memorable character in Hopkin's most memorable work.  I hear a lotion reference, see the dance, hear that song more than I care to...  http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/the-silence-of-the-lambs/images/e/e8/Buffy_sick.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20140318234222