Yep. :)
On the bright side, though, at least he died several years after he got released. :)
OK.
Yes, all of these things are socialism, but they should also be combined with free-market capitalism (or at least with relatively free-market capitalism).
Good. :)  Also, though, it is a bit eerie that every single person who was alive in 1895 (which is approximately when this photo was taken) is already dead right now. :(
What about this photo, though? :  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5c/Rue-de-Rivoli-1855.jpg
Unidentified young Maori woman with clear chin moko; photo taken sometime between 1870 and 1889.
The thing is, though, that bodily autonomy isn't the only argument which is used to justify legalized abortion; indeed, some of the other arguments which are used to justify legalized abortion can also be used to justify giving males an opt-out from paying child support.  Also, do you think that men whose vasectomies failed and whose female sexual partners lied or changed their minds in regards to abortion or adoption should be forced to pay child support? Serious question, for the record.
Regrets: all things Snowden-related,  Wasn't the Patriot Act recently repealed, though?  Wall Street,  Agreed.  no single payer,  Was singer payer ever actually on the table, though?  we're still in the mideast,  Barely; after all, we withdrew from Iraq in 2011.  copyright,  Care to please elaborate on this?  etc.  Care to please elaborate on this?  Personally I feel pretty betrayed.  Understood.
Forget kalescientists have discovered a super-nutritious seaweed that tastes exactly like bacon
Look--I am certainly keeping an open mind in regards to this. However, I do think that you forgot one crucial distinction between Israel and Palestine--Israel, in contrast to (the future state of) Palestine, is a wealthy, developed country. Thus, even with all of the discrimination that Israeli Arabs (as in, outside of East Jerusalem) endure, only a minority of them actually wants to live in a Palestinian state or in another Arab country (as opposed to living in Israel).
Thanks for this info. :)
Also, for the record, I will also allow you to read this explanation of mine in regards to this (I previously typed it up for another poster here):  I have three goals with an orchiectomy:  1. To achieve "bullet-proof" sterilization. Since all non-drastic methods of contraception and sterilization (including vasectomies) can and sometimes do fail, they are just not good enough for me.  2. If my expectations in regards to female hormones will turn out to be accurate, then I would want to use female hormones on a regular or at least on a semi-regular basis. After all, I have heard good things about female hormones from both trans-women and trans-men. However, I must find some way to still be able to get erections using my penis, as well as to still be able to have penis-in-vagina sex, while I am taking female hormones, since otherwise female hormones might not work for me.  3. To better regulate my sex drive and to give my ejaculations and sexual arousal more meaning.  In addition to this, though, independently of that, I also want to permanently get rid of as much of my body hair and facial hair as possible due to the fact that this hair makes me dysphoric (and I unfortunately have a lot of it, so yeah). Likewise, I want to feminize my face to some extent as well, though I still want to live as a man (albeit as a very feminine eunuch) most (but not all) of the time after I will get all of this done.
Also, take a look at the info here:  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vasectomy#Efficacy_as_contraception  "A 2005 systematic review of twenty-eight studies including both early failures and late failures described a total of 183 failures or recanalizations from approximately 43,642 vasectomy patients (0.4%), and twenty studies in the same review described sixty pregnancies after 92,184 vasectomies (0.07%).[29]"
Yeah, that's where I got the idea from this post from. :) Deal with it! ;)
Understood.  Anyway, if I will have any more questions about this, then I will make sure to ask you. :)
TIL that on June 13, 1914 the Russian war minister, Vladimir Sukhomlinov, published an anonymous op-ed in Birzheye Vedomosti, a Russian newspaper that often served as an official mouthpiece, titled Russia is Ready, France Must Be Ready Too!
I'm not so sure... I guess "Was the Redemption inevitable" is one of those unknowable questions of history.  Do you honestly think that the North would have had the will to keep large numbers of U.S. troops in the South for decades, though?   Either way, "You'll let us terrorize, disenfranchise and persecute black citizens, and we'll make your guy president" is pretty awful.  That already began to occur before the 1876 election, though. In fact, I think that there were only 3 Southern states where federal U.S. troops were still stationed in 1876.
Understood.
I don't see any problem with the way you designated your opposite-sex cross dressers. I can sorta see why other people might not be pleased with it but alas.  Well, Yeah--it's just much more convenient to use short abbreviations for this. :)  And my answer is shit yes I would. I would have a killer time participating, too.  Would you enjoy going with him to public events looking like a lesbian couple, though?
TIL that when Archimedes realized that the volume of irregular objects could be measured with precision (a previously intractable problem), he is said to have been so eager to share his discovery that he leapt out of his bathtub and ran through the streets of Syracuse naked.
The Hundred Years' War vs. The Eastern Front of World War II--A Good Comparison?   OK--I apologize if this sounds far-fetched, but I was thinking if there is actually a very good analogy between the Hundred Years' War and the Eastern Front of World War II.  To elaborate on this, in both the Hundred Years' War (which, as far as I know, was actually a series of wars) and in the Eastern Front of World War II, a less populous country (England and Nazi Germany, respectively) was able to initially make very large territorial conquests in a much larger country (France and Russia, respectively). However, in spite of their very large territorial conquests, neither England nor Nazi Germany succeeded in achieving their ultimate war aims (conquering all of France and conquering the Soviet Union up to the Urals, respectively). Likewise, both France and the Soviet Union were eventually able to "regain their footing" and to use their numerical superiority (and presumably resource and logistical superiority as well) to push back against the English and Nazi German invaders and to eventually kick both of these invaders out of France and Russia, respectively. To my knowledge, after the English were kicked out of France and the Germans were kicked out of Russia, neither England nor Germany was ever able to pose a serious land-based threat to France and Russia, respectively.  Any thoughts on this analogy of mine?
No, it isn't.
Iran. Sorry, forgot to put that in there. Iran is a Shiite religion and so is Southern Iraq. I think Arab implies Sunni.  And yet many Arabs themselves would disagree with you that Arab implies Sunni.   Iran doesn't care about the International community.  It appears to care enough about the international community to engage in serious negotiations with them over its nuclear program.  If it took Southern Iraq it would take control of the Mesopotamian river delta and control the oil flowing out of Iraq.  True; however, Iran would probably have to endure *massive* sanctions as a result of this annexation as well.
Dude ... that's just fucking awful! :( Please--no awful jokes like that. :(
I don't, it's just not important.  Are you sure about that, though? Also, by that logic, would Netanyahu's victory over Peres in 1996 likewise be unimportant?  and why are you asking the same question at r/"Palestine" (and everywhere actually)?  Because I want as many people as possible to answer this question.  what is the answer you're looking for?  I am not looking for any specific answer. Rather, I simply want to hear people's thoughts on and responses to this question, whatever these thoughts and responses might be.
It'd be great if this happened, but:  Pakistan will claim it already doesn't support them, so there would have to be some sort of third-party judgement by an agreed-upon arbitrator as to whether Pakistan supports terrorists or not (and what 'support' means). I don't think any country, or the UN, would put itself in that position.  How about the U.S., though?  Also, without an end to terrorism and to the Kashimiri insurgency, I don't see it being advantageous to India to open up Kashmir's borders. After all, this could allow more insurgents and terrorists to come to India, and India certainly doesn't want that.   Kashmir is pretty much all their respective militaries do, and I don't know much about India's but Pakistan's has massive political power- they thrive off border tensions, and I can't see why they'd agree to a lessening of force.  I would presume that the role of Pakistan's military in this scenario would need to be decreased (similar to how the German military's role significantly decreased after 1945).   How? Where is the customs border?  I am sorry, but can you please elaborate on this part?  Would each country be forced to treat their respective national 'borders' with the entire Kashmir contested region as international boundaries?  Yes, they would.  Also, how does this consider deliberate settlement to skew demographics for the future plebiscite?  How about only allowing those people who or whose ancestors lived in Kashmir in 1947 (or at some other year) to vote in this plebiscite? Would that work?   Again, a vote would need to be run by an agreed-upon international third party arbitrator.  How about having the U.N. monitor this vote, then?  In this case, I don't think it would happen, seeing as I don't think either country really cares what the residents' opinion on the matter is.  Yes, you might very well be correct on this, though Pakistan has frequently voiced support for the aspirations of the Kashmiris. Of course, voicing support for this is different from actually supporting the aspirations of the Kashimiris.  Anyway, though, this plebiscite will allow Pakistan to save face in regards to this.
No problem! :)
At the time the constitution was written, the founders only had to look back a few years to King George I, whose lack of apparent interest in England and commitment to Hanover could serve as a reminder.  OK.  But I recall a more recent example of a head of state of Germany who expended a great deal of energy attempting, with success, to annex his natal country. Needless to say, it didn't end well.  It didn't end well, but this was a result of Hitler being a poor decision-maker--not the result of Hitler being a naturalized German citizen.
Yes, I am aware of Israel's Law of Return. However, when I lived in Israel, I don't think that I was officially considered to be Jewish due to the religious definition of a Jew.
What if Muammar Gaddafi would have kept his WMDs and nuclear weapons program?   What if Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi would have tried pursuing a rapprochement with the West in the early 2000s (such as by renouncing terrorism, paying compensation for Lockerbie, et cetera) but refused to give up his WMDs and nuclear weapons program? In this scenario, would NATO have still intervened in Libya during the Arab Spring in order to help overthrow Gaddafi?  Any thoughts on this?
Would Hillary Clinton be running in 2016 if Obama would not have picked her as his SecState and if Obama would have picked a younger and less gaffe-prone VP?   My question is this--would Hillary Clinton be running for U.S. President in 2016 if U.S. President Barack Obama would not have picked her as his Secretary of State (which in turn would have caused her to remain in the U.S. Senate) and if Obama would have picked a younger and less gaffe-prone VP such as Evan Bayh or Tim Kaine?  Thoughts on this?