Honestly, when people say "surprise me!" I go through and confirm every ingredient anyways. You don't know if these people have any food allergies or if they're looking to call and complain about the sub later for free food.   I'd rather play 20 questions than get in trouble for killing a customer.
Honestly, the enchilada sub is what the customer makes it. It's our messiest sub so I always give out extra napkins and in some cases offer a fork. The sauce always drips, especially if you get flatbread. Adding lettuce into that mix will make it hell. Like many others have said, subs are made right in front of you. If your subs are always a mess, maybe you need to reevaluate the obscene amount of veggies/sauce you get.
Get as many of your duties done ASAP! As a closer, this is super important.   I think my favorite hack is something that you would need to ask an opener to do. I hate cleaning the metal cambros that catch all the food from the baine. We figured out that the t shirt bags fit nicely in these. When they're nice and clean in the morning, put some of the bags in them. Leave them in all day or change them if needed. Nice and clean.   Prepping is usually the first thing I get out of the way. When that's done, I know I'll be ready for customers and not have to run in back to prep during the rush.   After that I take care of helping my precloser.   The second bread is panned for the next day and frozens are pulled, I start my closing count. It's okay to count everything in back early since nothing is baked after 6 or so.   Another thing I do is condense and clean the baine an hour before close. I get all of the veggies and important meats onto one side of the baine. I clean the baine and forget about it. It's my least favorite job so I would rather get it out of the way ahead of time.   Another one of my favorite little hacks is getting other people to do their job completely. It's the Preclosers job to take out garbage. I make sure they take out all the garbage. It's a bit riskier for a closer to leave the store to take out the garbage late at night. At my store we also have a rule about dishes. You need to clear the sinks before your shift ends. I make sure others do that or I get stuck with a huge pile of dishes.  There's probably much more, I love finding ways to make my job easier, but that's all I can think of for now.
Thanks!
I found a pair on plugclub.com that I was planning on going with, since I don't know how well the goo would go with the acrylic.   I didn't even think of a tree stash! Mine will only be in 2g, so it wouldn't hold near enough to have any fun. I'm sure the larger lobed members here would have a good shot at it though :)
It's okay for it to be a bit pink on the inside, especially after a fresh stretch. You're on the right track though! Stick with quality jewelry, and you're doing the right thing with massages. Also, you might be able to size up in a month, but if your ears start saying no halfway down the taper, it's okay to wait. Some people have no problem getting through small sizes and others take a while to size up from the start.   Also, be prepared for a bit of frustration, and don't be like me and try to calculate when you'll be at your goal size. You'll be disappointed due to time between stretches increasing with size. It took me 4 months to go from 8g to 6g and I eventually got frustrated and taped up. It's the first full mm stretch, so it's a bit of a fight. Whenever you feel ready to just shove the taper through or add one more layer of tape than usual, look at some of the posts by people who've blown out and you'll want to wait. There's people here with 2" ears. Your goal size is possible. They didn't get there over night, or even in a couple months.   It's a bit early so I rambled a bit, but stick with generally accepted methods, good jewelry, and don't rush at all. You're asking early, so you're getting a head start on healthy lobes!
Personally, I don't care for the whole one ear stretched look. But I also don't have a taste for one lobe pierced, or any unbalanced piercings. Ultimately it comes down to taste. If anything, your biggest problem with it will be finding plugs you love, and you're stuck paying for a pair since they're not available in singles.
I have a problem similar to this. The pad on my ring finger catches on my grip during release, and gets a bit sore after a game or two. I don't have much of a solution for it yet, beyond keeping my hand cool so it doesn't swell. I assume it's just anatomy making bowling difficult, but it's my first ball, so it might be something your pro shop guy can do something about.
DB ancient shrouded armor all the way! I always add the Volsung mask because breathing underwater is nice and the carry weight improvement is helpful. It's also a glitched mask that you can wear with the ancient shrouded hat/mask/cowl/thing.
I was riding it the "wrong" way. I was using the tail as the nose. I'm glad I didn't mess anything up with my base. I'm also glad my bindings are an easy fix. Youtube will definitely be cheaper than a trip to the shop!
I'll have to post there too, thanks! I couldn't find a subreddit for spots so I figured here was broad enough.
Thanks-I didn't know what it was called or what it was other than some plant. Good to know its not poisonous.
I found an interesting plant. (x-post r/pics)
I actually came across a few cows wandering around the base. I was able to repopulate. If you need a cow, we could work on a price in PM.
This...why is this link purple....
Lost Things   Hi! I died in Unity recently, and hadn't made a bed yet, so I'm back to square one and I'm afraid my stuff will have despawned by the time I make it halfway to Unity. If you come across a large pile (full inventory) of stings including an enchanting table, a couple brewing stands, some diamond, and a bunch of watermelon, it is probably mine (if there is a stack of beef in it, it is definitely mine). If you are willing to return some of the stuff to me, that's great! As a reward, well, I'm willing to negotiate. Probably most of the diamonds as I don't find too much use for them. And a brewing stand or two if you want.
[Here goes.](http://i.imgur.com/9avYKWS.jpg)
Just announced-snow day! What's your plan?   For those of you that get snow days, what is your plan for the day? Snowboarding? That homework you didn't do? All I know is that I have a huge can of Code Red and Minecraft in my taskbar waiting patiently for me!
Being a freshman, this is a dangerous attempt buuuut, here goes.   1. Walk on the right side of the hallway. I don't wish for you to walk over me.  2. Don't you dare point out we were supposed to turn in homework 10 minutes before class ends.   3. Upperclassmen own the school. Get over it.  4. If you are a freshman, walk against the wall. It saves the rest of the planet from walking into your backpack.  5. Do not announce it is your birthday if you did not bring a snack. 85% of people at school don't care.  6. We know you're tired. Anyone who has to wake up at 4:30 in the morning for school is tired. Stop complaining and go to sleep.
Could someone explain the Imperialist?
Hey engineers! I need to do an interview project for school; anyone willing to help? (x-post r/AskEngineers)   I'm in high school taking Principles of Engineering (Project Lead The Way) and the big semester project that we're doing is an interview of an engineer in the field. I don't know any engineers personally, so if anyone is willing to help, that would be awesome! There aren't too many questions, just about engineering. All of them are on the sheet (pictures). Anyone who volunteers, no personal information will be shared (except my teacher of course)! [Side 1 of question sheet](http://imgur.com/RAwXx) [Side 2 of question sheet](http://imgur.com/BCyjl)
If this has turned into a game, then yes. I am in as well.
We broke another website...overloaded.
Licorice. It seems the whole planet loves it, and thinks Twizzlers are the best candy in the world, but I just can't seem to see how it tastes so fantastic.
Most certainly!
Boxers or briefs?
Mitt Romney TP
This is fantastic! I'm glad nothing like this happens to me; I'm also glad you're alright (physically, anyways)! Message me when next part comes around!
Honestly, you should try to stay around people as much as possible. With this, the last thing you should do is isolate yourself. That's when the bad stuff always happens; when people get the logic of "I'll stay alone to save others." If he is truly this crazy, you being out of the way wouldn't necessarily stop him.
My brother in law has worked countless hours in factories for the past six years to support my sister, my niece, and now my newborn nephew, and my sister doesn't even give him a birthday card or say thank you. He's sacrificed everything down to his laptop (she kept hers though) to keep them out of the streets and she is asking for a new otter box. She also hasn't had a full time job in the whole time they've been together...spent the past six years on an assistant teacher degree that she dropped out on a month before she would have finally graduated.
Go to the store and buy some of those cone facemasks (I've found a pack of four for $2). Put those on and tie something around your head. Go to every store in the vicinity. Occasionally just stand on the sidewalk. The looks from other people make this the most fun.
Just to correct....this is transformers animated.    And my childhood is ruined.