(No Spoilers) Just caught an early screening of Southpaw.   I really liked it. The reception's been pretty mixed on Rotten Tomatoes so far, and most of it has been because of how predictable it can be at times.   Honestly, I didn't really care if the movie didn't break any new ground for the boxing/redemption genre. It was engaging, shot beautifully, and the actors were phenomenal (cue Eminem) in their roles. Oona Laurence did exceptionally well as the daughter.   Bottom line - great film to check out if you're into fight films. And arguably even better if you're not too familiar with the genre just because of how accessible this one felt.   I'll be here to answer any questions you guys have on the movie!  Synopsis: As the boxing industry begins seeing a decline in ratings after the fight between Pacquiao and Mayweather, executives begin engineering a genetically modified hybrid boxer to attract viewers. But when things make a turn for the worse after the new experiment goes on a rampage, it's up to pro boxer Billy Hope (Jake Gyllenhaal) and his raptor hype crew to rescue the industry from certain extinction.
We get the force we deserve
uuuu
..The... the video..?
k bye
A photo of my grandfather, taken moments after he was involved in a car accident. (Karachi, 1960s)
The Social Network (2010) [2096 x 3096] [OC]
Hey, guys. I'm the original artist behind the picture. I'm still building a website to put my full portfolio, so I don't exactly have one yet, but you can check out my [Instagram](http://instagram.com/maazcon) for now.   I didn't realize this was getting posted in other subreddits until now. It's awesome to see it get this much feedback. I'll be back with more. Thank you guys!
You guys are awesome. Don't think i forgot to answer the rest of you; I'll be back soon. Thanks so much for the feedback!
It does have an international warranty. As long as you have the proof of purchase and what country the phone's originally from, the warranty still runs.  The problem is that my phone ended up being one of the phones that was shipped directly from a Sony factory instead of a Sony store. In the representative's words, the factory models come without any warranty.   But the TLW you linked seems like it should apply here regardless. I'll try contacting them again and bring it up.
RUN EVERYBODY RUN MONSTER
Godzilla: The Cinematography of Seamus McGarvey - DIY Photography
I'm with you on that. As much as I'll criticize that movie, The Lost World is an irreversible staple in my childhood. I just watched it again a few weeks ago after finishing the book, and I still love it.   The movie's got its glaring flaws, but it doesn't mean we can't enjoy it for what it is. That scene with Julian Moore was pure classic Spielberg. From all the summer movies that come out these days, I found myself appreciating scenes like that a lot more.
http://i.imgur.com/ETSXxy8.gif  edit: and i ain't trying to convert yall into believers but just keep in mind for any celebrity that [they're not all the media portrays them to be.](http://www.reddit.com/r/hiphopheads/comments/1yqjcc/the_time_i_met_our_lord_yeezus/)
The Cinematography of Jeff Cronenweth
I doubt you want to kill him. Who would you obsess over, afterwards? You're literally on every Kanye post I've seen here, buddy
FUCK WHATEVER Y'ALL BEEN HEARIN
http://soundcloud.com/maazcon  Hey. I have one song that I finished production and vocals on just last summer. I haven't been able to work more on music because of school and work, but I'd like having a mastered copy of that track, at least. It'd be great for it to get a bit of publicity.
Hey, guys! I'm the author of this article. I just needed to address a few things:  This isn't really an article I wrote for photographers. I wrote this for people that don't know anything at all about photography. A lot of my friends that want to do some photog as a hobby don't tend to have actual cameras. I wrote this for them as some basic tips so they could get a kickstart with their phones, at least.  The way I see it is most of the time people don't tend to think of their phone as an actual camera so they just treat it like a point-and-shoot, where they would probably try going into learning more about actual photography tips if they had a DSLR. I remember treating every picture I took on my phone like that before I started using a Canon.
I'm on the LG G2 here. I literally use this phone for almost everything now.
I was in Saudi Arabia last March. Some of the pictures in the album are of Masjid al-Nabawi and al-Haram, from the inside and outside. If you see the b w shot of the man walking under large umbrellas, those are put out there to keep people under the shade outside the mosque. It's amazing to see. The pictures don't do those places justice.   The shot of the mountains was taken in switzerland. The rest were from Dubai and Dallas. Dallas is where I currently live.
txt me
Looking through this thread, I'm seeing that many people don't really know the full story that made Trent Reznor do this, so I'll try filling it in.   The reason Trent found it wrong was because while he was touring with Nine Inch Nails in Australia, he came across a record store that had his album for over $30, while there was an Avril Lavigne from the same respective label being sold for $21.99.   When he called Universal asking him why there's a price difference between the two, their response was, "It's because we know you have a real core audience that will pay whatever it costs when you put something out -- you know, true fans. It's the pop stuff we have to discount to get people to buy."   This is what made Trent do what he did at that concert. He's not another guy saying "Fuck you, establishment!", but he is challenging his label executives on the morality of their business.
Samsung's advertising.
This is real. I'd love to give you some sort of proof, but any other picture I put up can easily be considered photoshopped if you already think this one is. I'd do more than that for you, but I have a final to worry about, so you'll have to wait if you're eager.  And yeah, I have a final I'm supposed to be pulling an all-nighter for right now, and the biggest thing I've accomplished so far is getting one of our facebook posts on the front page of reddit. I'll be successful one day.   One day.
...Dr. Grant?
Oh, wait.
I may not listen to All Time Low, but my younger brother happens to be one of their biggest fans, and he's always been the one to pick up after the shit his friends do, and look after his friends because of the stupid stuff that they do. He's the one who makes sure our family stays sane in times of tension, and he's always been there for anyone he loves. My brother is 16 years old, and I can already see more balls in him than I can see in you, if I was even to be given an entire biography on your predictably sad life. I'm willing to bet on that.   Don't bring your useless throwaway account into this community and attempt to be a Negative Nancy to people who have a taste in music that you don't like. Don't attack someone on a personal level because they're different from you and have not done a single thing to you in their life. People like you make me sick.
I do think that is a valid assertion, like the many subreddits we have here, people see things in their own ways, and people fit text with meanings to see something in their way. I've done this myself.  To make it clear, nothing ever convinced me that God (or Allah) is real. I am not at a point where I know for sure that there is a god. I was faced with a simple question: whether there is a God or not. From everything I've known and experienced, I chose to *believe*. Choosing Islam was a second step. Basically, it supported what I *wanted*: belief in a divine creator, and the fact that religion and science can come together. I gave it the most recognition. It made sense to me. This won't be the case with everyone.
Anyway*  I'm just saying.
I actually don't think that highly of it. I started on this thing two hours ago after wanting to do it for so long. This isn't really anything to make me feel like I'm bothering anyone here. You guys *are* the ones that choose what happens. Just downvote it if you think otherwise.
I love this one. I thought of it as well. I'm trying to pick out which might be the best. It was between this and the Captain Planet one that I can't decide for now, unless someone gives something different.