Police: Chemicals at federal lab explosion consistent with meth making
Child Martyrs
May wanna tag that NSFW
Secret Picks Techies in the ESL
http://i.imgur.com/NTn0zGf.gif
Am I Shadowbanned?
Can I disable the sound that plays every time someone sends a message?
It is
PARIS FALSE FLAG! Reporter Slips Up, Admits BLOOD PUT ON THE PAVEMENT after COP SHOT
Wards expire and cost gold.
Griefing like this shouldn't even be possible
VID..A car bomb has struck near the Syrian northern city of Aleppo.
Just some OG banana slangin'
How about the fact that these limits apply to things like chance of a rare material on salvages, punishing those of us who may save up a bunch of stuff to salvage at once. I learned my lesson when i saved 20 Yellows over maybe a 5 day period, I used a Mythic kit and got 13 ectos from 1-6 with only 1 have no ectos,  0 ectos 7-20
there is only one way.  The cow launcher.  Place your 50s bets and get ready!
Some runes will benefit specific builds and roles sometimes more then the Orb/crest.   Orbs/crest buff 3 stats for more over net stat gain, while runes buff 2 in general while adding an effect that is situational to a class/role.
i be on that zombie coke all day son. Lets make this shit happen!
This is why I never surrender. Comebacks dont get any better.
First Look and Demonstration with Guan Yu (LuBu).  Surprise! OP!
Just Released Skins! Sun Wu- Kongs Shaolin Monk-y IN action!
I got into a game 5 minutes late with agni, so I bought midas boots to catch up and I was doing pretty well 0 Magic Power, Decided to see what happens if build him as a tanky, mobile, zoning, aoe, initiating bruiser . . . . . . . . . (greatest comeback so far for me)
MYTH: You cant see your CS (Creep score) . . . . . BUSTED!
Tim Tebow of gaming?   Gimme a break, nice win though.
didnt watch what I did.
Game gets better everyday.
Someone needs some fresh Gerber and diaper change.
there is 1 cut, and 2 2 portions of increased speed.  Not really edited.
flicking it will display the info like I was zoomed in, whether I am or not so I ratehr be zoomed out.
Scrub logic.   PWND
don't eveb waste your time dude. this entire. sub is a place for streamers whoax at 30 viewer to whore more viewers, baddies to take there 1 %. of footage where they killed sone one(not uncomnon for it to be a single kill entire video) abd circle jerk about their narrow view that each class has only one viable loadout.  thet even ban smoke nades in "competitive " play.  scrubs
He will quit the game all together.
"gb2 BF3 , we juz hardcore"  -team stacker like prodiG