I typically sit in the drivers seat of my car. However, today I got in the passenger seat. This was my altered view.
No
Google Fiber.
That could work. I'm picturing low-cut short shorts (they probably have a name but it eludes me) and a well fitting white T-shirt or tank top.
Suck it losers!
And yet there will always be new and amusing/creative answers to read every time, because not everyone that reddits is always online at the same time on the same subreddit.   [Imagine that!]( http://imgur.com/uW8OMR5 )
Gold.
Scott Walker vs Ted Cruz. I don't care who wins.
Both. Depends on the situation.
The first picture of the Olympic Archer was awesome.
It's actually not my problem at all .  I can absolutely deny your $100 bill because I can't break it and there isn't one thing you can do about it, aside from go elsewhere.   If you're polite I will apologize and sincerely mean it. If you're an ass I'll be an ass too.   Good luck finding a gas station that at midnight can comfortably break a 100 dollar bill. Gas stations are prime targets for robberies especially in the middle of the night. We drop our till down to $100 or less on a regular basis.  Of course you wouldn't know this if you come from a town of 2000 people. Welcome to the vast majority of the population of the world.  Cheers.
If you're talking about Tim Hortons, you could also be in say, metro Detroit. They're all over there too.
http://imgur.com/uW8OMR5
German, English, Swedish, and American Indian. Probably some other stuff too but negligible.
I grew up with a guy that lied constantly about the dumbest shit. Everyone knew he was full of it and the list could go on for days about the stories he made up but two stick out in my mind as particularly ridiculous.   1. He insisted when we were about 16 that his uncle invented facebook and sold the concept for $2M but was never paid due to a legal technicality. He maintained this lie for probably 3 years before insisting he was "just joking".  2. He told us he was born in Mexico to high ranking cartel members and shot 3 times at age 5 before being put in witness protection and adopted by US citizens. He could not reveal the bullet wound scars because they were surgically removed to protect his identity and the cartel was still looking for him.
The district attorneys office declined to file charges against the officers. Deputy Dist. Atty. Rosa Alarcon wrote in a memo about the shooting that Diaz Zeferinos right hand was no longer visible from the officers angle and that it was reasonable for them to believe he was going to reach for a weapon.  This shit needs to stop. This kind of answer is such a common one size fits all answer in regards to unwarranted police shootings, and it seems to fly an alarming majority of the time.   Basically the translation is "Well cops have a dangerous job, they made a split second decision that was well within their rights to make, so no ones getting in trouble."  I'm fucking sorry, but 3 cops shooting someone 8 times point blank where there was no weapon is absolutely unacceptable.  Due to the miscommunication with the dispatcher who mistakenly reported it as a robbery (dispatch here is also very much at fault....) guns trained is understandable. But what it escalated to was absolutely not.   We absolutely need to find a peaceful solution to this type of thing. Police need to stop being able to hide behind their badges and the authority to make tough decisions and be held fucking accountable for their actions.
Have you ever wondered why some people like onions on their pizza and some don't?
Most people have this ability, it sounds like you've recognized it and tapped into it possibly because you're somewhat passionate about it. I'd do some research into careers that would use the skill and sound fulfilling.
Smell really good
THE ANSWER WAS YES
Slightly relevant, I somewhat recently moved to Appleton from Houston and I find it hilarious when people whine and stress about "traffic" here being horrendous. Obviously the picture linked here is a joke, but coming from Houston I find the lack of traffic here to be rather refreshing.   Also the "heat". As soon as it hits like 73 degrees people are acting like we're in an inferno. 9 months out of the year in Houston 73 is a rather cool night, temps hitting 95-110 by 10am every day for the majority of the year. I don't go into that much detail with the average complainer of heat but I do laugh and say I think it's nice out, but then again I'm from Houston. So they respond with "YEAH BUT THAT'S *DRY* HEAT!". Funny, cause Houston is only an hour (with traffic) from the Gulf, prone to tropical storms, hurricanes and very high humidity.   Anywho, I got a kick outta the pic.
I think this question is oddly right up my alley at this moment in time...   I actually just had ana sex for the first time with my girlfriend last night *very briefly I might add* it was her first time too.   It was easier than I think we both thought it'd be to get it started, but by no means could I have "accidentally" fully penetrated her anus. I have drunkenly fumbled in the dark before and accidentally pressed up against the back door but nowhere near actual penetration.
I don't think it's even a myth, I think it's just a saying referencing how nimble cats are and how to a far less nimble human they seem to scrape dangerously close to serious injury/and walk away unscathed.
Alcohol
Vanilla.
I stopped using facebook when I realized that I don't want to spend all day listening to everyone I know bitch and moan about stupid mundane crap while I'm doing my own thing on my free time. I listen to it enough when I'm socially obligated to do so in person.   I also have quite a lot of family members (and to a lesser extent friends) who have views on certain topics that are just appalling in my opinion. I don't want to constantly read their opinions on said topics. I can pretty easily put my foot down in person and say I'm not having a conversation about something.
Because people will pay for it.
Further manned space exploration.   Cmon Mars!
Oh this is gonna be a fun read later.
Thin crust   Tangy sauce   Light layer of fresh mozzarella/provolone mixture, finely grated   Mushrooms   Onions   Evenly spread thin sliced pepperoni   Evenly spread sausage   Evenly spread Canadian bacon   Green olives, sliced medium thin  Another thin layer of the mozzarella/provolone mix  A thin layer of freshly grated Parmesan cheese   A few thinly sliced cloves of roasted garlic spread evenly   Baked at 400 for about 12 minutes   Broiled for about 2 minutes for a golden brown top  Allow to rest for 5 minutes, slice and enjoy   You're welcome. Your taste buds will love you.
I don't know. I've never met my teenage parents.
Midwest USA.