Sure!  I used Alton Brown's recipe http://www.foodnetwork.com/recipes/alton-brown/tortellini-recipe.html  but just for the pasta part.  The dough started out a little dry so I added some water and that helped.  Rolled out by hand!
[this](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=5od3pQO2yBI) or [this](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=86gbwBSYuR0)
Movie: the crow and/or demon knight and/or lost highway
Need help remembering the title of a zombie movie my friend swears he saw...   He says it starts out with a guy in the woods with a zombie tied to a tree and he's experimenting to see what gets a reaction from the zombie.  Says first 1/2 hour has very little dialogue.  Then you find out the plot of the movie is that the government created the zombie virus for population control and now they are going around killing the zombies, but some survivors are also part of the zombie pack being exterminated and now they are fighting for their lives.  Anyone?  Did he dream this movie?  Thanks in advance, it's driving him crazy trying to remember! Edit: friend says movie poster is a distant silhoutte of a man carrying a hatchet into the forest...
fat Girl by catherine Breillate   That ending literraly comes out of fucking nowhere!
POISON!
ketchup
Praise the sun!
Can I get an ELI5 on world tendency please?   Dark souls vet trying to wrap my head around this feature.  Also, the summoning is different too right?  I helped someone beat the Giant spider then ran back to help someone else and I couldn't use my summon blue or black..
Angelina Jolie
Any of the knights in Anor Londo drop a good amount of souls....and the Lightning Zwei is good for everything!  Chaos Zwei is pretty brutal too...
WHISKEY!!!!
Your scalloped potatos are fantastic
VERRRY GOOOD
Dark souls
Donnie Darko's the most over-rated crap movie ever.  You left off Martyrs, A Serbian Film, Bedeviled, In the Company of Men and Irreversible..... among others that are WAY better than Darko and Requiem
Mega mule right?
It's f***ing game board.
Block ornstein on way in to fight then run to opposite side of room staying outside pillars.  Smough isnt fast and this will help seperate them.  Pyromancy flame is great for this fight.  Rats in the depths are good for humanity farming.  Also solaire did nothing for me, just gets himself killed right away.  However he does make a nice distraction.
Still need help?  I'll be around tonite US Pacific time
And you bought all the transients from the undead female merchant?  Jagged ghost blade and cursed greatsword (made from Soul of Sif) kills ghosts.  If you can get one transient and you have the gold serpent ring I would highly suggest doing some transient farming on the ghosts.  Also you don't HAVE to go here right away....
rock and roll!  message me back here later where you're at...
Pam and Jim's wedding on the Office.  It was cool until the dance thing at the wedding.  Threw my hands up and said I'm out of here, but came back later....to the cold open where they do that little music video thing at the beginning starting with Andy in the elevator.  Terrible.
Nice to see Samuel L Jackson getting some work....
Holy smokes, this is exactly what I needed in an amazingly timely manner!  [Thank you!](http://iruntheinternet.com/lulzdump/images/gifs/80s-kid-thumbs-up-computer-yospos-13643498000.gif)
Billy Butthole
BUT does it have Polybius?
Katana-Rama!  BANGBANG! BANGBANGBANG!  also chimichangas.
(cracks knuckles) Seeing's how I'm on an ADR stage and waiting for the next 'talent' I thought I'd join this whole ADR, Pam, Pan debate.  If anyone calls it 'Automatic Dialogue Replacement' it's cause you're on set, record a take but notice that an airplane sound (or dogs barking, or a car horn or anything NOT related to the sound sonically) is on the recording.  Well you like the performance but the audio is bad, so you will be "Automatically REplacing the Dialogue" later to preserve the shot. Generally speaking you should think of ADR as ADDITIONAL Dialogue replacement".  Such as Voice Over (narration) or bad quality audio that you don't notice till the dialogue edit happens.  Or if you have to revoice an actor for various reasons.  Hope this helps!  ...and her name was PAM like the spray. edit: Also LOOPING refers to the days when we still used film for the ADR stage, they would just loop the line over and over and the actor would say the line in a loop.  We still do it sometimes these days, but the word Loop just stuck.
Homer: Ah TV, you're laughing with me, not at me. [TV](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_-e_iSFE6g)
Reminds me of [sexy cakes!](http://www.hulu.com/watch/279578)
Little Red Lung - 50 Fingers