Completely agreed. Cast looks fucking fantastic. Main cast of Patrick Wilson, Kirsten Dunst, Jean Smart, Ted Danson, and Jesse Plemons (Meth Damon). And supporting includes Jeffrey Donovan   Bruce Campbell (Burn Notice), Nick Offerman, Brad Garrett... the list goes on. This is gonna be AMAZEBALLS.
I'm a little bummed out that Hannibal just turned himself in... especially after he was so pissed that Will would deny him his freedom in last season's finale and went on a bender to essentially prevent himself from getting caught.   I understand Hannibal is doing it to try and have the last laugh with Will, especially after Will "breaks up" with him. But it just seems so out of character for him. Unless... Will actually manipulated Hannibal into turning himself in by pretending to not care about him and using his need for Will's attention against him. THAT I could get behind 100%.
I felt like a few of the early ones really broke the tension in the scene for me. Also, the three main characters had so much plot armor that I really didn't feel worry that they were going to get killed at all. And it didn't help that the other cops with them were just dropping like flies and I felt nothing but they were essentially cannon fodder.
After last week's tongue twister dialogue, I really enjoyed this week's Frank   Ray bar session. Especially when Frank tells him to "put this cop shit to bed." Makes me wonder if Ray will toy with the idea. Also, the line "Sometimes your best self is your worst self" was pretty good and direct reference to that Lera Lynn song from ep 1.
And this one too: http://i.imgur.com/QjZcgJX.png
I'd be ok with this. I'm really digging her character.
Face/Off
*"This is the only place I could make for you."*   Yup, she's dead. Head!Abigail.
Agreed!
In no particular order:   * Fantastic acting   casting, particularly for Mads Mikkelsen as Hannibal and Hugh Dancy as Will  * Beautiful cinematography * Amazing art direction (and creativity around the murder tableaus) * Best sound and music I've heard on a TV show ever - eerie and atmospheric * Dark, gothic sets and costumes (especially the color palettes)  * Bryan Fuller * Well written and well paced  Also because:   * The exploration of the friendship between Hannibal and Will  * The exploration of the pathological psyche of Will Graham and the killers he pursues  * It's not afraid to push the boundaries of art, graphic violence, and dark stories on network television
I don't we've seen the last of him, but yes agreed. I'm really excited to see more of Ward and of him fully stepping into his role as the villain. I felt like they kept teasing a possible redemption this season, but that would been so unrealistic.
You were so close! It was Miller's Crossing. :)   My full list for reference:  			 1. Miller's Crossing  2. No Country for Old Men 	 3. Barton Fink 	 4. Fargo 	 5. A Serious Man 				 6. True Grit 	 7. Burn After Reading 	 8. The Big Lebowski									 9. O Brother, Where Art Thou?		  I'm clearly a bigger fan of their darker more dramatic works with the exception being Fargo. I love Miller's crossing not for what the Coen brothers are typically known for, but simply because I love Tom Reagan's character and I'm a sucker for mob movies. Objectively, I think that No Country is probably their best movie (followed closely by Fargo). I think a lot of people like the Big Lebowski or O Brother because they are the most accessible of their works (minimal amounts of death/murder and generally light hearted in tone).   Agree with you that I definitely want to watch Blood Simple (and eventually Inside Llewlyn Davis) at some point as well, though right now I'm just waiting for their new movie, Hail Caesar to come out.
Sorry I really don't remember. I added the song only about a week before it got deleted. It want to say it featured a more mainstream DJ or mainstream artist in the song, but it didn't really sound like them.   When the song opens there's about 45secs-1min of non-80s sounding edm music, then the beat kicks in around then. Think the singer's voice sounded a little like La Roux, but I don't think if that's just because her stuff also sounds similar.
Welp we finally got the team back together!
Creepy Jenna smiling and being like "he didn't make it".
What a shame... I consider Mozart to be one of my composers of all time and his body of work, even in his short life, is amazing. I think it would have been fascinating to see how similar or different the works between the two siblings would have been.
The group meets in Morrisville now if you want to give it a shot - we're actually looking for some new people as a few people moved away recently. We start Sundays around 5 - come check it out! I've been going for over a year now.
*Shes not here is she? Phew, thats a relief. You only get one chance to make a first impression.*  *The end justifies the means.*   Yikes. Poor Skye - you really dont get choose your family. Though at least they've finally explained the back story here so he doesn't seem like a complete psychopath.
Beginning of that trailer SO hilarious.
Me too. Loved his reaction at the end too.  *"I did what now?"*  *"I mean a painting Coulson? And you weren't immediately suspicious it wasn't me?"*
*Inter-human relations are hard. I was a human and she was a demonic hell beast.*  Lance's ex is really intriguing me. All the delicious hints they keep dropping!
Probably will be an hour late but might not make it either tbh. Sorry to be flaky... got some personal stuff going on right now.
That confrontation between Fitz and Ward was so powerful and absolutely heartbreaking. It's tragic to think of the consequences that Ward's betrayal has had on the team. Gone is the gentle and innocent boy scientist - replaced instead by this broken bitter man. Iain De Caestecker absolutely killed it in that scene - just the right amount of hyperventilation, fear, and barely restrained anger.   Also, Ward is a manipulative shitbag. "It's good to see you Fitz?" Evil!Ward forever.
Wow didn't realize Fitz knew Simmons wasn't really there the entire time. That was fast. Also, the confrontation between Ward and Fitz happened waaaay earlier than I thought it would.
Yup completely agree. I wish they had paced the show a little better (especially with the villains) but this is just a problem that network pilots run into. You basically have to use the first episode to hook your viewers so you need to throw every single crazy plot twist/characters into it. All the character introductions were solid though a little rushed. We should have had a couple of episodes to establish Mooney   Penguin's relationship and also a couple to establish Gordon and Harvey's relationship - that way the last scene would have been more powerful. Like Penguin realizing he's on the brink of loosing everything from his attempt at betraying Mooney and Gordon realizing the true extent of his partner's corruption would have made for a way more powerful scene.   On a side note, everyone is wonderfully cast and I look forward to this season. This was a solid pilot and solid way of introducing all the characters very quickly.
Week 28 Progress Thread (2800 Words)   As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays.
I'm interested in the Petticoat Alley sundress, Pink chiffon sundress, and French connection dress. I actually love about 75% of what you have here but you're about 1 size bigger than me and some stuff I know won't fit. :( :( That being said, what is your waist measurement? (I'm a little worried that this won't fit properly - I know I would be swimming in an f21 or xhileration medium for example.) Also, what is shipping to 27560? Thanks!!
Hope everyone is still going strong! We are approaching half a year! If you find yourself having a little trouble meeting the words I would recommend setting a deadline, such as showing x number of pages of your writing to a close friend or relative. Give them a specific number so that you can force yourself to get to this number in the interim.
Awesome - will keep an eye out for that.
Picked up an Arkham expansion (Dunwich Horror) and I've been itching to play - anyone interested?   I'm thinking maybe Wed or Thurs night? But I'm open to suggestions. Looking for 2-4 more players.   EDIT: Meet at 8 PM tomorrow at /u/Bio-ScienceGuy's place.
NC Tax Reform Plan Details - first major reform in 80 years
Shrimp Alfredo Linguine