remove toilet paper after the shitting begins
WRONG
I remember college
Been following that case for a long time. Whole thing sounds dirty as fuck. Hopefully they don't try to try him again.
It's because out of white americans, those are about the only two large groups where anyone alive might have known someone in the "old-country." American's with Armenian and Polish heritage act the same way but there are far fewer. Also, because of their arrival after the industrial revolution, they are more concentrated in east-coast cities than other white ethnic groups. http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2013/09/02/article-2408591-1B95A350000005DC-125_964x720.jpg
As I said earlier....it doesn't have to be one or another...they are certainly a red line.
I think the whole thing is pretty funny. "you treat me like an animal so I'm gonna act like one" - "Hmm, I guess we were right about you all along, get the hose"
Oh as it should be. That was the case in our weapons company. The problem is that often times logistic runs or transport missions would go out manned by headquarters platoon guys. That means a few NCOs, a few pogs, and a bunch of boot 0311s no one wanted. Guess who gets  to sit up in the turret for 7 hours and guess who gets stuck "taking care of" the .50.... It was fucking stupid, I'm glad I was in a rifle platoon and didn't directly deal with it.
I thought everyone cowering in their homes because of one kid on the loose was pretty pathetic. It was nice getting the day off work. I went out to brunch and spent the day jogging.
inferiority complex
thanks Obama..?
no, she went climbing in the white mountains in a snow storm. If it was suicide, ok. If she wasn't trying to die, she is dumb as shit. Selfish as fuck considering they sent people up after her. I also have to wonder about her husband who dropped her off. Probably was thinking "finally won't have to deal with this nut anymore."
I don't speak retard either, still confused
So what you are saying is France was much more prepared to fight than Europe is today and STILL got violently raped by a force without 1/10th the mechanization of the modern Russian military in 45 days. What you're also saying is that the Americans were unprepared for WW2 and got kicked around for the first year or two while they got their shit together....those two oceans were mighty convenient. Too bad Berlin is less than a 20 hr drive from Moscow.
Yea, that sucks. Out of curiosity (don't take this the wrong way) does this doctor work in an area with lots of poorer/less educated people? Sometimes doctors in that serve populations like this can adopt an autocratic style because they are used to passive patients who rarely ask any questions. Ultimately, it sounds like his bedside manner sucks. You should never be afraid to ask your doctor questions and they should be prepared to give you clear answers. If they won't/can't find a new doctor.
totally agree
You're absolutely right. I've posted this numerous times but it doesn't matter. This is about feelings not facts. People simply want to be able to ride the T and have someone else pay for most of it....cause feelings.   Those numbers are massively overstated because (from the MBTA) Unlinked trips are the number of passengers who board public transportation vehicles. Passengers are counted each time they board vehicles no matter how many vehicles they use to travel from their origin to their destination. Bus and subway ridership is estimated based on CharlieCard or CharlieTicket or cash transactions on MBTA fareboxes and fare gates. We then adjust for customers who transfer within downtown subway stations or who show their passes to an inspector, or children and others who do not use the fare equipment.). The adjustment is calculated from statistics from studies and inperson ridership counts. Currently, farebox and fare gate information is not 100% real time. It is not immediately available at the end of the month. However, the MBTAs goal is to develop daily real time counts in the future In reality only about 300K people use the ANY FORM OF PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION for commuting in Massachusetts. http://i.imgur.com/5Mkdl4f.png http://i.imgur.com/8j3jG0O.png UNDENIABLE 100% TRUTH: MBTA riders make up a tiny percentage of the state's daily commuters
My point was that if you're going to try to sell a revenue program, tying the people who pay for it with the people who benefit is the greatest recipe for success. The repeal may not have won out west, but the index was sold as paying for bridges and highways, not the MBTA.
As much as as I support all manner of vaccines, I can't help but think that the recent backlash will probably only reenforce the false beliefs that anti-vaxxers already have. The constant "you're stupid," "I hope your kids get sick," "you should be arrested for child abuse," bombardment most likely just hardens people's opinions. Non-judgmental education would probably be much more persuasive....but fuck this is America in the 21st century. What is something worth if you can't call people stupid on facebook.
If it is equal to a medical emergency (testicular torsion) or surgery (vasectomy) and happens every month wouldn't than mean that ovulating women are intrinsically weaker and less fit than men? I wouldn't want to hire/go into combat with/elect someone like that. Besides, this is after the fact. If she had said she wasn't feeling well BEFORE the match and cancelled no one would second guess her. If a man did poorly and then said afterward that he had blue balls or jock itch everyone would laugh at him.
I've been shooting guns since I was about five. It all depends on if there is proper supervision and an appropriate firearm. In this case there was neither and criminal negligence (IMO) occurred.   This is the type of firearm in question https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-SZ7cwzILBU  There is no way an 8 year old can be expected to control such a thing. I wouldn't trust an adult without a decent amount of training.
Yea, probably region dependent. Around here we have "electric vehicle parking" (no plug). It's to make it clear that they are "GREEN" and not a baby-shooting rethuglican.
The author isn't even that attractive, middle of the road for OKC in a big city at best (we have a mutual friend). FWIW my much more attractive girlfriend took the initiative and messaged me. I don't think any sane guy sees it as a sign of desperation. From my perspective the best dates I went on were always with girls that were actually enthusiastic about dating. They didn't want to chat back and forth for days. I'd just send my first message asking them out and they would say yes. The wishy washy ones always ended up sucking.
Updating.........Updating.........
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYX7KVEtfLo  I really like this one for the Ukranian military
Days.
See the thing is....purposely killing thousands of civilians vs mistreating several dozen terrorists is about ten orders of magnitude separate on the evil scale. Millions upon millions of muslims support terrorism against civilians in the name of islam. Our culture, while not perfect, is objectively superior. http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/07/01/concerns-about-islamic-extremism-on-the-rise-in-middle-east/pg-2014-07-01-islamic-extremism-10/
c'mon guys, coalition forces are the bad guys, right? right?
Well if they keep the cops happy with a legal bribe maybe the cops will be less likely to ticket them for violating hackney carriage laws.
If you want to inconvenience someone, inconvenience the people that can change things and the people responsible for the problem. Surround the state house and Boston Police HQ. Block access with interlaced arms. Refuse to leave until the state establishes an independent commission to investigate police brutality. Don't engage in activities that specifically inconvenience the people you are trying to win to your side. The cops at the protest are not inconvenienced. They are all making AT VERY MINIMUM several hundred dollars to stand around shooting the shit with their buddies and looking at college girls. They would love if there were protests like this every day.  The "this is about systemic racism" is such a fucking bullshit copout. Racism is real and bad. No shit. I graduated elementary school too. What is your solution? Do you have a specific list of demands or legislative proposals? How do we fix the problem? Right now it is like having a protest against cancer. Yea, I get it, it's a problem, but until there is a message beyond "racism bad" it's like a toddler throwing a tantrum. Entirely counterproductive. If you want to change things you need a specific plan. You can't just whine until someone fixes it like with mom and dad.
I'll tell ya another thing: their beer sucks!
maybe they're just better at it ;)