Norse Attack Map
0xAX/linux-insides
Beej's Guide to Network Programming
+1
I'm not sure actually...I just noticed this while playing through the campaign...there are so many games where I end a chapter or mission in the middle of it and then when I come back to it...sometimes i forgot what happened in the last chapter lol... but to answer your question...maybe??? :-P ...I did just notice that when exiting a chapter in the middle of it instead of the beginning...lets say after you have completed one fight...when I played it again instead of getting the same fighter ...I ended up having a different opponent.
What Marijuana Actually Does to Your Brain and Body
An Introduction to Computer Networks  An Introduction to Computer Networks
2k food
Aliens Have Visited Earth, According to Engineer on Deathbed
oss-security - Re: CVE-2014-6271: remote code execution through bash
Okay guys, I have 4 Ph.D's and grammer grammer grammer I think I'm smart ...blah blah blah...oh and I have 6 professional careers, and four Master's degreeee's ...Navey SeaL's top of his class with 8 commenmendations for valor and the blus silver start that presadint baarak olahmaha bama pind on my head :)
Sources: Philip Seymour Hoffman dead of apparent drug overdose
Leaked NSA weapons catalog: Spies will hack your PC, router and hard disk 'at the speed of light'  The Register
Goats Yelling Like Humans - Super Cut Compilation
NSA surveillance: tech companies demand sweeping changes to US laws | World news
You cant get entangled without a wormhole
Could dark matter be hiding in plain sight in existing experiments?
Repeated attacks hijack huge chunks of Internet traffic, researchers warn
Hack of Cupid Media dating website exposes 42 million plaintext passwords
Buying Bitcoins (the newbie version)
A Russian GPS Using U.S. Soil Stirs Spy Fears
Bytecode | Clean Rinse
sex
ah yeah?! Nice, another thing for me to check out. Thank you. :)
trumpet fight
awesome!
Wesley Willis - Rock'n' Roll McDonalds
gone to a live sporting event
Remington Steele
Homo sapiens
LOL
get rid of her...i had the same problem with my EX, once she said she didn't want to have sex with me until marriage things just went down hill from there...hope it doesn't happen to you, this was just my experience.