She's a babe!...Schwing!
Be who you are. You were hired on the value you can bring. Dont forget that.
Digital Piracy
Thats really mesmerizing...
an actual gamepad makes gaming on mobile suck so much less. Touch input sucks. Kind of obvious when we have mobile games play themselves..
Well at least neither of them have two arms.
Gay friendly beach.
Nick Caves son has died after falling from a cliff
more like champ son takes fan dad to see movie again
HAIR STYLIST TURNS CLIENTS HAIR INTO PHOTO-REALISTIC ART
I almost drowned when I was 18. Was drunk and peed to a ship dock and fell in. I tried to swim to surface but heavy bag I had on pulled me deeper. I gave up and was kind of content and wanted to go to sleep and stop struggling. I remember being kind of annoyed when a coworker who had jumped after me dragged me to surface. I just wanted to go to sleep.
"You shouldn't try, you probably won't get it."  A girl once told me that in high school when I asked her if I should inquire about being captain for my school's ROV team. She wasn't even joking, that statement alone likely says more about her personality than anything else. Needless to say, it really lit a fire under my ass and I was captain for my last two years of high school.   I remember her every time I wonder whether I should do something I'm unsure of.
Hmmm. That's a tough one! I can't say there is one proud moment that stands out above the rest. It's just all the little things that I've done that bring people a smile, a laugh or that make their lives easier somehow. I just love to hear people laugh! If I can make someone's day better, I just made myself proud. How 'bout you OP? What's your proudest moment?
Counseling and therapy. There's now widespread recognition that mental health is as important as physical health, which is likely to increase demand for professionals in this field.
Red Bull: Stratos Jump
Efficient Electrolysis (Saltwater Splitting)
It's a [website](http://www.poopsenders.com/) that sends poop on your behalf to your friend or enemy.  How they describe themselves : We will send your friend or enemy a healthy helping of some of the nastiest, stinkiest, fresh poop packages you have ever seen. We have several varieties of poop that we can send, including a special poop of the month. Go to the order page to see what's on special this month.  Definitely the most weird thing I've come across on the Internet.
Leon Keer - 3D Street Art
When it comes to loyalty, nothing comes close to a dog. Definitely not other humans.
Taylor Swift
http://imgur.com/Ow6KdZS
So beautiful!
[Pug puppies will melt your Heart with Cuteness](http://imgur.com/gallery/45k2fR1)
9 Year Old Girl Build Shelters And Grows Food For Homeless And Needy People
I save photos like these because I hope one day I will get to travel to them.
Travelling in Titanic
Man brutally beaten on Berlin S-Bahn
i can never tell if her eyes are saying "fuck me"
If you realize you made a mistake during or after questions time, what do you do?
CrickBall
[step by step tomato soup recipe](http://www.vegrecipesofindia.com/tomato-soup-recipe-restaurant-style/)
Sleepio