It's not me, I swear! (Part One)   I've been apart of this fan board where we post about our favorite hobbies for the past five years. My specialty happens to be Buffy the Vampire Slayer. I love talking about it, getting into the mythology of the Buffyverse, debating with others what each item or character symbolizes, and merely enjoying a show that pioneered television. The other day, after posting frequently for the past five years, I get a message from the moderator of the Buffy board:  SpuffyFanatic: "Dude, what's your fucking problem?"  I didn't know what she was talking about. I looked at my recent post history to see if maybe I said something offensive and didn't realize. I noticed a comment posted to a "Best Villain of the Series" thread (I'm so tired of seeing a new thread popping up with the same overused material!). The thread was originally posted by user MellowD. I know I didn't post in it, but I read the comment anyway:  MrKittyFantastico: "Peek-a-boo, I see you. XXXXX W. XXXX ST, XXXXX, OK XXXXX"  (I've redacted the address to protect the user's privacy.)  I immediately responded to the moderator.   MrKittyFantastico: "I have no idea who posted with my account, but it wasn't me."  The moderator responded rather quickly.  SpuffyFanatic: "Change your password and make sure to keep your information private. Whoever did it scared the ba-Jesus out of OP MellowD."  MrKittyFantasico: "Got it. I don't know how it happened. Sorry."  SpuffyFanatic: "Just make sure it doesn't happen again."  I left it at that, a simple hack or something. Hell, I even thought maybe a friend logged into my computer during a visit while I was in the bathroom or something. But why would they doxx a user? Definitely not cool.  I approached Dev, the only one I figured had the capability of pulling such a prank. Let's just say he wasn't appreciative of my accusation.  "Seriously?" he asked. "You think I logged into your computer without your permission, got into some random Buffy the Vampire Slayer messaging board you're apart of, found some random thread, doxxed OP of said thread, and then logged out as if nothing happened just give you a hard time?"  I shrugged my shoulders. "When you put it like that..."  He didn't speak to me for a few weeks. I don't blame him. I was just wondering what the fuck happened. I even messaged MellowD.  MrKittyFantastico: "So sorry about whatever happened in your thread. Just know it wasn't me. I don't doxx anyone. I don't even know how! Please, I hope this doesn't turn you away from the group."  About an hour later, I get a reply.  MellowD: "Spuffy, explained everything. She said you're a long-time member and said you'd never do such a thing. Once she realized your account mighta got hacked, I cooled down. Just really freaked me out for a minute."  MrKittyFantastico: "Totally get it. I would be too. Thanks for understanding."  I pretty much let the issue go. MellowD wasn't mad, Spuffy wasn't too upset and was quite understanding, and I couldn't find anyone willing/wanting/capable of accessing my computer. It must've been an outsider somehow using my account to freak someone out. I upped my firewall security and changed passwords on various accounts, including the email I use for the Buffy board.  Let's just say I was surprised when I received an email from Spuffy.  SpuffyFanatic@XXXXXX: "MellowD is freaking out. She's received several PMs filled with pictures of her house, all coming from your account. I even took a look at the IP history and it's all coming from the same IP that you've been posting from for years. Are you doing this!?"  I was stunned. Absolutely dumbfounded. What the hell was going on? I didn't even live in Oklahoma! I responded immediately.  MrKittyFantastico@XXXXX: "It isn't me, I swear! I don't even live in Oklahoma, based on the address the hacker posted earlier. Please, you gotta believe me."  My heart is racing. I'm freaked out and I'm not sure how to make this right or prove I didn't have anything to do with this. Then, I get a PM from MellowD.  MellowD: "Thanks for letting me borrow your account. Now, I have my own to use at my disposal. Don't worry. I'll be seeing all of you real soon."  Blood drained out of my face as I stared at the monitor. Did this mean what I thought it meant? Did someone break into MellowD's house? Did they do something merely to get access to her account? Why? What was happening?  Shortly after I received the PM from whomever was posing as MellowD, I received an email from Spuffy.  SpuffyFanatic@XXXXX: "Okay. Apparently, MellowD's boyfriend had been playing a prank on her. Somehow, he accessed your account via phishing and used it to freak her out. She's really upset at him, all because he was jealous she was talking to people on a Buffy fan board. Jeez, what a creep. Teenagers, amiright?"  That didn't make any sense. How could Spuffy blatantly take a lie so easily!? *Oh, nvm, my boyfriend just played an incredibly elaborate prank on me involving cyber-attacks on innocent people all because he's a douche-nozzle who isn't being paid attention to.* Fuck that. I was pissed.  Another PM from MellowD further made things impossible to believe.  MellowD: "Nobody will believe you."  I immediately responded back with a fury of a thousand keyboard warriors.  MrKittyFantastico: "Bring it on, dickhead. I will get to the bottom of this."  MellowD: "Bored now."  Then, she, or whomever was using her account, blocked me.
BEWARE... SPOILERS AHEAD!  I loved season 7, and the Slayer potentials made complete sense. I don't get any of the hate. The atmopshere was similar to seasons 1-3, but our characters matured. In seasons 4 and 5, our characters were dealing with becoming adults. Season 6 really forced them to overcome their issues and mature. Now, season 7 has them being adults dealing with the typical supernatural nonsense in their lives while knowing their places in the world.   Buffy has moved on from dying, coming back from Heaven, and finding a way to use her 'protector' skills by becoming a student advisor. She's even allowed Dawn to participate in the reindeer games.  Dawn has become less whiny and annoying. She gets to be involved and actually becomes quite helpful throughout the season. I really loved how they distinguished the similarity between her and Xander, being on the outside looking in.  Xander has FINALLY gotten over Buffy choosing Angel, or even Spike, over him. He realizes he's messed up with Anya in season 6 and he's accepted his fate as a construction worker even leading his own team in the reconstruction of Sunnydale High. His loss of an eye refers back to being the outsider looking in. He really took a beating this season, which I think he deserves after the previous season.  Willow has evolved, but she's also integrated the things she hated about herself. Dark Willow mocked how weak and nerdy Regular Will was in her early years. But we see her now reminiscent of her old self, even prior to season 4. She's combined her doubting self and confident self in a version we all love. I don't totally agree with the way they handled her throughout the season (knocking her out all the time), but I guess if you don't know how to be creative (and I'm saying this passive aggressively because this show has been incredibly creative through the first 6 seasons) then there isn't much else you can do. I also disagree with how she got with Kennedy, but I can see how she got involved. I'm thankfuly they're no longer together in the comics.  Giles gets thrown to the side this season due to Anthony Stewart Head leaving the series as a regular in Season 6. But I feel he has ran his course during the series. He's the father figure, the wise old Wizard with the sage advice. However, I do like how they handled Buffy and Giles' relationship this season, showing that Buffy no longer needs his advice. She's her own person now.  Spike has always been volatile and this season he's at his most peaceful, despite being a murderous Sleeper. But with a soul, Spike feels more at home in his skin than any other season. He's the supportive boyfriend that Buffy always wanted/needed, so that's why I will always been Team Spike despite his attempted rape in season 6.  Anyanka hasn't really changed anymore than usual during this season, but she's still the same, sweet demented Anya she always has been in previous seasons. If anything, I'd say she accepted her humanity more this season than any other, per her speeches towards the end of the season.  I miss Tara. I wish she had come back for "Conversations with Dead People", but I would want her to call Cassie out on being a fake. Basically, Tara, a good ghost, telling Willow to see through the First's facade as playing Cassie. But that's me.  The Slayer Potentials weren't any different from Buffy being a teenager. So again, I don't see the hate there. After being brought back from the dead, Buffy affected the Slayer line, allowing the First to make a play. It wasn't far-fetched or out of lines for the show. If I have a complaint, it's that the big temple in which Buffy finds the last Guardian. All this time she's roamed the many graveyards and we've never once seen this really odd, out of place Egyptian temple? Also, we have the Guardian to give us a cryptic message only to be killed seconds later? Deus ex Machina if I ever saw it, but at least Joss admitted to it.
*Heroes*...  We distinguish them from the rest of us because of their superpowers, hold them high on pedestals for saving countless lives. They **are** different from their opponents, whom we call Villains, but only because they breed destruction in the name of justice rather than chaos.  Nobody is guiltless. All those who picked a side in this tug of war, with humanity as its prize, are blameworthy. And I'm here to set the record straight.  They call me the Godkiller, and I'm here to dispense justice of the truest order as I rip off the masks of these sadistic mother f*ckers and show the world exactly who they are for putting us in the middle of their selfish war.
Creative Writing Group: Part Deux   A few people have shown interest in getting together and doing a loose workshop to talk about writing. I am starting another thread to further expose the idea and see if we can get any others interested. Further, I wanted to nail down some ideas of what we're wanting to accomplish in said discussion.  First off, what do we want to do during said get-together?  I'm stealing a comment made by /u/mike918 (hope you do not mind):  Workshop style: submit work, give and receive feedback.  Lesson/lecture style: targeted instruction on specific skills like point of view or the pathetic fallacy.  Book club style: read a shared book, but discuss it from a craft perspective rather than a meaning/interpretation perspective.  Shop talk style: writers getting together for drinks, motivation, and commiseration.  Note: We can do all of these. Maybe one gathering we could submit work/feedback; the next visit could be a lecture/lesson; monthly, we could do a book club style; and end off the month with just shop talk (relax, drink, swap ideas, talk about writing). We need to find out how often to host this group (weekly, bi-weekly, monthly).  This brings us to my next point: where do we want to host this?  I would prefer keeping this writing group 18+ in age. No offense to our younger generation of writers, but I would like this to be a pretty open-minded group in which we can curse and be jovial. BUT I am open to anyone's counter-point to this.   If we do decide to make this 18+, then I say we find places that A) allow a decent sized group to gather and talk loudly (not over the top loud, but someplace we don't have to hush one another), B) a place where we can drink and/or get food (nothing brings folks together like drink and a meal), and C) preferably someplace that feels relaxed and somewhat intimate to allow discussion.  Lastly, when do we want to meet up? Not just for our first meeting but for all meetings. I say Saturdays after 2pm (since I work until 1pm) or Sundays after noon to accommodate any churchgoers.  If anyone has thoughts on this, please feel free to speak up. I am open to all options and thoughts. This group isn't JUST about me. It's about you guys and everyone benefitting.
Pretty great Vietnamese. Their pho is great!
What is the music playing in the background? Very reminiscent of A:AoU's "Strings on Me".
Well, we can definitely see about getting a schedule down pat. I, too, can only do Saturdays after 1 and anytime Sunday. So, don't worry, I don't plan on doing this Mon-Fri necessarily.
I believe so, but he was in Africa during "Two to Go".
What kind of things would you look for in this type of group?
Sounds amazeballs.
I mean, yes, they could've done that, but I think they saw that it wasn't working due to ratings. Still, to act like the Writer's Strike had *nothing* to do with it is just false.
Any reason why I'm being downvoted?
The Vampire Diaries
Watch Vampire Diaries and you'll get your soundtrack.
Is it worth it?
Continuing on from this [prompt](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/3cet1u/wp_everyone_in_your_family_gets_one_wish_upon/csux8fk) (it isn't a direct continuation, as in this isn't the next scene; just merely another entry into the world of "The Unlucky Ones"):  Kimber retched over the side of the abandoned, musty couch, the only piece of furniture taking space in the empty warehouse. She heard the pitter-patter of rain hitting against the rust-covered window, and a slight, bitter wind blew in from the sole broken pane. Looking around, she felt the tiny fire Jonah made earlier in the night, before she fell asleep, fighting against the intense cold seeping in to the concrete-made facility.   Her round eyes scanned the room looking for her uncle, but he wasn't anywhere to be found. She tried focusing on his signature to find him, like she had when she first called for him, but her stomach folded in two, causing her to cramp up into the fetal position. A fear burrowed deep into her conscious as she worried about her Turning, and then she remembered her dream.  'You are the last. He is the first.'  Her mother watched over her, somewhere across the globe, or maybe next door, Kimber didn't know and neither did Jonah. No matter the distance, she had gotten to Kimber through her dreams and warned her of the girl's fate. Despite their blood ties, her mother was determined to finish this out to the end, to the point of murdering her daughter, just as she had with her son.  After a few moments of meditation to help calm her nerves, Kimber sat up from her faux bed and searched around the expansive space for her uncle. Her eyes adjusted to the darkness beyond the fire, but she saw nothing. Fearing the pain in her gut, she relented using her *other* senses and stood up to go searching for him.  The warehouse looked different in the night, less inviting, almost suffocating despite how large it looked in the day. Her feet moved against the hard stone floor with an echo, and she turned in every direction to make sure nobody was watching or following her. God, how she hated feeling this useless and mundane, reduced to a whimpering child looking for her parents after a nightmare.  But she did have a nightmare. A vicious vision of her mother standing over her, hand raised high in the air holding an athame as Kimber felt frozen on the cliffs near the shore, on the same rock as the one her brother's corpse had been found lying on. "You are the last; he is the first," her mother warned, before plunging the athame down in the direction of her daughter's heart.   What did she mean? Kimber didn't know.  Kimber stopped in the doorway leading outside, the same one Jonah bashed in to gain entry for the night. He stood out in the rain, with his hands in his overcoat pockets, contemplating. The intense rain didn't touch him, as if he wore an invisible barrier around his body. He looked up and their eyes met. Immediately, he understood it was time: *she* was coming.
I'd watch the HELL out of it. Honestly, it sounds like it'd do really well as a TV series (just my personal opinion). I'll keep on the look out, man.
I am not. I dislike Papa John's after he criticized the Affordable Healthcare Act and said he had to pass on the costs to the customer. I understand he's running a business and I wouldn't mind paying the additional (I think it was) 10 cents, but it was his attitude. It's unfortunate because he has some decent pizza. But that's me. I hope everyone here can understand that I speak with my money. I don't mind helping someone out, but I'm going to do with the best intentions possible and not feed into a money-hungry asshole (again, my opinion).
Will there be voice work?
Violet's Back Rolls   I want comment that people have constantly tore Ginger down throughout this competition because she's playing the game. People attack her for being a big girl, as if that's something new. Big people's weight is the first thing to be used against them, but it isn't new nor creative. But last night, Violet's [BACK ROLLS](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-ZbyH-tiiCdc/UwJAMLosBJI/AAAAAAAAL8g/OUVQsJFjB_M/s1600/backrolls1.gif) looked worse than anything Ginger has ever shown us and I'm including her b-acne. Yet NO ONE has said a thing about it because God forbid we tarnish Violet's reputation as the "winner" around here. There's some T for ya.
That's completely true. Unfortunately, this isn't the case.
Why the fuss over Bobby Drake being gay?
That's like saying "the US Constitution wasn't written with same-sex marriage written in mind" so that means there shouldn't be same-sex marriage. Sure, Iceman wasn't written as a gay character in mind, but saying this would never happen in real life and then saying this retcon is a "hard twist" is just plain preposterous. If anything, and I'm not saying this is your intention, it comes off as partly homophobic. "He can't be gay because being gay means this and only this." Sadly, sexuality and the way we've handled sexuality for practically ever has caused these types of events to happen.
It isn't all that forced when a) we don't know if they will be "cover ups" per say, b) that maybe he just didn't know all that time, and c) you can't really know until there's more development. I don't see this as hard a twist as any others. And again, I would like to vehemently point out that Bobby will not change whatsoever as a character if he's gay. He will merely be hitting on men rather than women. And it still isn't that big of a retcon than many of the others seen through history.
Hey. Welcome to Tulsa. Where are you coming from?
Sweet. How's the mall area?
No, sexuality doesn't matter to me. I just know it does matter to some people, so I put it. But I'm just chilling. Ordered some pizza. Gonna chill.
Fat ass.
Cyman: US.
Just Ready to Explode   The past month-and-a-half I've been trying to keep everything together. I'm 27, living with my gambling parents for the past 3 years while dealing with my own gambling problem and depression. I've lost my best friend due to gambling (and her own personal problems), lost many jobs due to not being able to pull myself out of the deep emotional shit hole I'm in, and I'm ready to literally take my vehicle and wrap it around the nearest telephone pole if things don't start calming down.  My 19-year-old niece and her fiancee have moved in with us into a tiny two bedroom house. They're sleeping in the dining room we've converted into a faux-bedroom for the time being. I do not like my niece's fiancee because he's 22, shows immense jealousy over the stupidest shit, and he finds things to tattle about on people which just isn't helping the situation. I helped get the two of them a job at my work and he starts next week while my niece starts in 2 weeks. Sadly, this means very little money for anything, including the gas I'm using to transport them back and forth once work starts for them. And my parents refuse to help.  My parents originally made somewhere between $30-32/hr until my mom lost her job. She refuses to look for another job and is waiting for unemployment to come in. When I didn't have a job, she expected the house to stay clean. Now that she's unemployed, she just uses my niece and her fiancee to keep everything clean. She also has a ton of personal and check loans at various companies and with family members. My father owes my great-aunt $7000. The two of them blame me for living with them for the past 3 years for the reason they are in debt even though the bills haven't gone up since I lived there. There were times they didn't buy any groceries because they said it would motivate me to keep a job. It did not because it only fueled my depression to the point where I would take a prescribed sleeping pill, sleep, wake up and take another sleeping pill, and sleep. I ate a tablespoon of peanut butter a day and a few crackers in order to stay alive for about 2 weeks until they finally got tired of not having any food in the house and started buying them again.  I'm not a victim. I'm really not. I should be able to keep a job, and I should move out of my parents' house. I never had them pay for anything of mine (gas, car insurance, or telephone bill). I have tons of debt from various accounts being shut off due to nonpayment. My parents have turned things on in my name as well and they decided not to pay them because I never paid any rent. This was during periods when I didn't have a job and they promised to pay the bills. I will never turn anything on again unless it's for me and I know I have the money.  This past month-and-a-half I've been doing really well with my gambling habit. I haven't gone; I've been seeing a therapist that focuses on gambling; and I've self-banned at the area casinos. All my money has gone towards my personal bills, getting caught up where I can, and food for five in the house.  Last night, my niece told me she didn't want to move out with me any longer despite working towards that since she moved in. It was going to be so easy to move out together, the three of us. Now, I have to adjust my priorities and try to save and get out on just my own which will be difficult since I don't make much money. Then, I was notified that my two nephews (20 and 16) keep coming over to eat dinner despite my 20 year old nephew making more money than all of us and their mother (whom they live with) recently winning $7000. I asked them via text to please stop coming over to eat at our house until we can get back on our feet, unless they bring food to help cover themselves. Normally, I wouldn't care, but providing for two weeks of food for five people when nobody else is helping cover these expenses has been a huge stress as my mom keeps telling me I need to move out.   My mother tells me this morning that my father will not have me telling anyone they cannot eat at "their house". He's sticking up for my 20 year old nephew who does actually help my parents a lot with a lot of physical stuff around the house. He also lets my dad borrow his game systems and stuff to play games. So I get this idea of standing up for my nephew, but my younger nephew is a thief (he's stolen my dad's PS3 before, including my Motorola RAZR MAXX) and I work evenings during dinnertime. I am not there to keep an eye and making sure nothing is taken. And again, I'm the one footing the bill. But my parents don't see it that way. It's "their house" and it's "their rules". Fine. Then, I'll take "my food" and I'll eat "my food" and nobody else can touch "my food".   I used to pay rent every week when I worked at 18-22 years old until my parents became gamblers. Now, my money will not go towards their gambling habit. They'll have extra money while I pay the bills to help fund their addiction, and I'm not having it. I am fighting my own addiction. My money is no longer going to the casino or helping anyone else fund their trips to the casino.  Am I being incredibly unfair? I don't expect my parents to help, but I do need help. I have nowhere else to go or turn to until I can get out on my own. And I'm not going to rush out and get a place just because they're tired of having people in their space. I didn't invite my niece and her fiancee to stay with us; my mother did. I want to move out right and make sure I don't have to come back. Is that really so much to ask?
I apologize if I made any assumptions based on anything you wrote. I may have jumped into it too excitedly. If you still do not mind, let me go ahead and respond.  Killian - Maybe it was how I worded it, but I thought I got the gist of what you were saying. I was agreeing that his transformation didn't work, but I was trying to make the argument that it isn't much of stretch for a narcisstic, selfish guy to become a bad guy. Somehow, we, as the audience, accepted it easily, but people had issues with Killian becoming a bad guy because he's mostly being a bad guy for narcisstic, selfish reasons. Thanks to "All Hail the King", we learn that the REAL Mandarin is out there, and I would say he's the actually schemer at the Nexus of Terrorism. Killian was merely a filler as the bad guy in IM3, and that's sad. The writers focused on Ben Kingsley's Mandarin, but they used him merely as a front. So, I agree with your comment, but again I was able to look past the villain's background and purpose to enjoy the action of the movie.  Tony   Pepper - As I said before, the writer didn't focus on the relationship aspects in the story. Is it really a stretch for a couple to argue over these kinds of things? No. But it wasn't written well.  PTSD - I'm not an expert either, but an adrenaline focus due to his partner being kidnapped may allow him temporary control over his psychological well-being. So it isn't much of a stretch that along with learning how to cope during his time with the kid that he may have temporary control of when his PTSD hits. Of course they're using the PTSD as a gimmick, and it isn't all that realistic, but it makes the character human and this film has been dealing a lot with Tony dealing with his humanity. Are we watching an action movie hoping they are being realistic with their psychology? Further, Tony is a genius. He may be able to wrap his mind around the issue and push past it, but he needed someone to put a metaphorical mirror to his face (the kid did that). As for the end of the movie, it was a montage so we're not exactly sure how long it's been and whether he's truly okay or not. The after-credits scene shows Stark using Banner as a therapist, so he may still be suffering from PTSD.  Extremis - Totally understand. I agree.   The Suits - I did accidentally miss the main point you were hitting in your original comment. But I do agree with you about how easy it was to destroy the suits. However, I will say that these suits may have been more prototypes than actual suits he would use to fight against a bad guy in a one-on-one fight.  Mandarin - Okay, I get what you're saying now. I didn't get "what's the problem?" from Slattery when Tony confronts him. He's just saying, "How could I not take such an incredible job?" He knows he's scum of the earth, but he wasn't respected. Now, he is, though it's less as an actor and more as a terrorist. At least, that's how I took it.  Pepper's Death - She's shown how fiery (metaphorically) she can be. She has to be to deal with Tony, after all. Sure, she tends to have control, but she just fell to her death after being kidnapped by a dude she never liked in the first place. As well as tortured since she was injected with Extremis. So I can see her going off and using her newfound abilities.   Again, I was able to suspend my disbelief, but you were not. It's understandable.
Today, I merely wanted to sleep in a little longer than normal. It was a mere fifteen minutes, just a quarter of an hour of not really sleeping (as my alarm had gone off) and more just lying in bed enjoying the warmness wrapped in my blankets as the sun shines in my bedroom window. I took the fifteen minutes, but this meant I needed to hurry it up: eat food, make lunch, take shower, and drive to work. However, I also have to worry about my 20-year-old nephew who lives and works with me.   He takes forever gathering his things before getting into the car. We now only have 20 minutes to get to work, where we're still new and in training. It also happens to be our 3rd time being late meaning we would get a write-up. So I choose to speed.   I'm at my exit and ready to get off, but I'm pulled over by a highway patrolman. He gives me a ticket for $175, but he did help out by reducing how fast I was originally going. I was going 76 in a 65 and he put me down as 74. So I appreciate that, but I still haven't gotten paid in my new job.  Let's not mention my gambling addiction; my gambling parents demanding I give them money as soon as I get paid; the fact that my passenger window won't roll up today because the motor died; a new phone bill I have due on my first paycheck; car insurance; my car actually dying on me while driving; or the fact that I feel completely alone and nobody in my corner on my side.