Here's the [video.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NmUQzEJzndo)
Janice Dickinson's interview with Nancy Grace was so weird... She was like a non actress trying to act... Wait, she isn't an actress and she is full of shit! Bill Cosby may or may not be a bad dude, but Throw Janice out of the mix. She is an attention hungry ex-model trying to recapture some fame in her golden years, shes 60 and lonely for the public eye. Her and Steven Tyler are like the same dude! [I'm not joking, look!](http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lib7b4gsWR1qzptlvo1_500.jpg)
Story time:  I was a big kid, and now an adult who is smaller, 6'3" 250 range. Big but not a fat ass. Its hard to find friends when you are different "Yuk Yuk Yuk, what are you talking about mate, all Americans are fat! Hahahahahaha", ok are we done?. Anyway I was the nice kid, gentle giant, would help anyone anytime. That's how I was accepted and loved and enjoyed every minute of it with enthusiasm. There was a fella, several but this story is about just one.... Because I annihilated him.... Back to my story, he was about 5' 2" and was semi popular. He would poke and prod at me with chummy vigor. I was the first to make a joke about myself (Fat guy defense) but one day he went a little far. We were in shop class, automotive to be specific, and he decided, while the teacher was downstairs answering a phone call, it was his time to assert dominance over me by belittling me in front of my 20 some odd classmates. He told me to shut up and smacked the back of my head... TRIGGER for me. So I turned around and punched him in the side of the face with not 1 iota of hesitation. Mind you I'm mild mannered. The class had an audible "Gasp!" He looks at me with a look of dumbfound confusion. He decides to go forward so to not loose face, mind you I have over a foot on this guy and 100 lbs. He charges me and punches me in my stomach, (It would be more epic if I laughed) but I did not. I grabbed him around the neck and gave him 9-10 solid punches to the spine. Then I picked him up like the dude in the gif and threw him into an area of empty desks. The desk's went scattering and he was on the floor, he gets up and he was shaking like a leaf, stumbles toward me takes another week swing at me and I grab his hand and say "STOP! If you keep going I am going to kill you.... I don't want to hurt you anymore but I will if you don't go sit the fuck down!". He looks at me walks and picks up a desk and sets it upright and sits down. 10 seconds later the teacher walks in and says "What the hell did I miss?" No-one says anything. He looks at my foe and he is visibly shaking like a chihuahua and asks "Are you okay?" School fight rules in the 90's is you don't tattle, and says "yeah, im fine." Dude didn't talk or fuck with me for the rest of high school. Just to let you younger guys know, just because a guy is big and nice, He is like everyone else and has his limits. Don't Fuck with someone just because you think you can up your reputation, because most of the time, they will surprise you.
Heres a few tricks I used. Keep a scale in the kitchen. Weigh yourself often. Again it's all mental. Constantly ask yourself why you're depressed, ultimately it comes down to your weight and how you feel physically. To be completely honest it will be one of the hardest things you'll ever do but believe me when I say it's worth it. One sure fire way I use when I am gaining a few lbs is to go Paleo. it's not a diet really because you can eat and eat often if you want. Meats, vegies, fruit and certain oils. It takes a bit for your body to adjust to eating healthy but after a week or two its not even a big deal. Last I did it for 2 months and dropped 20 lbs in about a month 260-240. One thing NEVER do is starve yourself, I tried this and ended up in the hospital for 3 days early on in high school with Gallbladder stones, The doc told me a dramatic drop in weight was to blame. The more often you eat and smaller portions will up your metabolism a whole bunch, I can attest to that. You burn calories as you digest, quite a few too, and if you are constantly digesting you are constantly burning calories. Look into the paleo thing, I liked it because I could eat 2 porkchops for dinner if I wanted and not feel guilty, just no bbq sauce but you can grill pineapple and put some sesame oil on it and it's wonderfull. Good luck.
You are correct, Someone corrected me earlier and got downvoted. But everyone keeps telling me its a handlebar mustache so I prematurely typejaculated.
You too.
I work in a Frozen food distribution warehouse, I have seen this before. What happens is the store leaves/forgets the product in an insulated [chest or tub](http://www.bonarplastics.com/Portals/0/Templates/images/PB30.jpg) and it sits in their storage with the pallets and what not for a week or more and the dry ice gets used up so it thaws. When the distributor comes to reclaim the chest or tub they throw it back on the refrigerated trailer and it refreezes. The frozen food warehouse employee assumes it's a return (Because its frozen still) and puts it back into the big freezer and then unfortunately it gets sent out to some sad unsuspecting store assuming the product is fine.
*Plan
Perfect.
You know, I used to hate cilantro with a passion. soapy flavor and all. But later in life I started to like it. I was curious why I hated it and now, buy it in bushels. I found several articles. [Here's one](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/14/dining/14curious.html?_r=0) that shed some light on as to why I like it now and didn't before. a slow introduction over time. and for some reason it doesn't even come close to reminding me of soap.
Is your friend an Oregon resident? I have these at my home and they are big, quick and scary. I was talking to my father one time and thought I saw a mouse out of the corner of my eye... No, it was a big ass wolf spider! Nope de nope da fucking no!
Ha! Because she's a woman and women do dishes. This should be top comment. Have an upvote you witty sumbitch!
[Looks like he has a raging clue.](http://southparkstudios.mtvnimages.com/shared/characters/adults/hardly-boys.jpg)
I like the melted butter one.. "You would fat so!" Hey shut up!
Hydrocephalus James Woods.
Ha!
Asshole!
[Oh you!](http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-CBKcdvPBrdM/T03sulC5avI/AAAAAAAAALE/2Q_fnIJKp6g/s1600/13267748908.jpg)
I [fixed](http://i.imgur.com/S3VWSsm.png) it!
Thank you.
There is always one dick shoe on the internet that sits in the shadows waiting for some poor bastard to misspell a word/name so he can pounce and a make him/herself feel like they have some sort of authority or power in their utterly meaningless (I live in my parents basement) shoddy existence. But he got a few upvotes, that's better than sex to him/her.
I am a "break even-er" And still mine. I own a few BTC and hash happily at 90 GH/s and still at about 6 dollars profit a day for the last 7 months. I have been in the game since 2011 and have a petty good understanding of how the price fluctuations go. This is the calm stage with the uncertainty if it will still be a viable currency. My "Gut" prediction is that it will be in the 3k-6k (US$) range in 6 months~ So I will not sell.
No amount of "White washing" would change the fact that everyone knows this is Neil Degrasse Tyson and he is African American and fricken awesome! Not everything has to be about race, I think its just a magazine cover, that's it.
Like a burst  [cream cheese stuffed sausage](http://cdn.uncoached.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/04/nasty_food_7.jpg) it is!
My first Desk
Wheres Brazil?
He forgot how to doughnut.
Oh that furry boot!
I am into Bitcoin because I have been poor, don't like it, got a good job, got laid off, couldn't find another one, searched for an equivalent (Or one that paid more than unemployment) and didn't find one. Got re-hired and wish i had been mining for the last 2 1/2 years because I would be able to buy a house now. Hind sight is a bitch!
I am 31, our first isp was Prodigy. We had a 14.4 external dial up modem on our 64 mb hd, IBM 386 . When we first logged on I noticed there was a game button on the sweet 16 bit windows 3.1, 12" brilliant 32 color display CRT monitor. Where in the World is Carmen San Diego, the rest is history. Thanks for the memory... Prodigy, I'm getting all nostalgic. But I agree, Bitcoin is here to stay because it is the next big thing. Happy mining.
Looks like a painting.
KILL IT WITH FIRE!!!