Monday morning probably
Moscow at dawn
This coconut is having a great day
That's how you do it, right?
Summer rain
An amusing trivia game in a fantasy setting
Russia, Kamchatka
A train passing through the Kazakh Steppe
This sausage is gonna be late for work
Drinking
MaCleaner - a collection of tools for keeping your device well-organized
I've always wondered how to go about the trickily-shaped borders. No way you can scratch around them perfectly and that would bug the hell out of me.
FUCK YEAH, EASTER
Sure. Anything in particular you want to see?  For a second I considered asking what about a neutrally-labeled picture of an overworked underage girl in wartime screams "Soviet propaganda" at you, but nevermind, I might be better not looking into that void.
Hi.
A new app for expecting mothers from my crew   Hi! I'd like to introduce our new, free app [Mother To Be] (https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/mother-to-be-app/id962704086?mt=8). The title makes it clear enough that's a rather niche application intended for those going though pregnancy. Basically, it's an interactive calender that allows to keep track of various parameters (weight, diet habits, sleep patterns) and make notes - a personal journal of sorts. We're very fond of the concept and would appreciate feedback, especially from the target audience. Please tell what you think is lacking and which features you found redundant.
Car art
[NSFW] Kinky Bastards (x-post from /r/funny)
This cat had a tragic incident with expanding foam
A tiny petting addict
Russia-North Korea border
Guess that's one way to look at it. If someone's gonna rip out organs, let it at least be someone cute.
Whatever Clock
Obviously that's the reason, but I think it's pretty random (if really sweet) for people to thank the drivers for stopping at the crossing. They're just following the rules after all, not doing anyone a favor.
Sleeping Squirrel
How to make a baby sleep in 40 seconds
Czech McDonald's idea of a good burger
Same. I'll start using cases the day I have to face any negative consequences of not using one. So far so good.
What's your star-crossed favorite meal (aka delicious food you only tasted once or twice and can't find/recreate now)?   Because I'm pining for takoyaki again.
Childhood shame books?   So, we all have this gold collection of childhood books that really hold up no matter how many decades pass. But lbr, we read a lot of bullshit too. Are there any books from your childhood that are making you go "wait, I used to like this?!" as an adult?
Good advice! The only thing, I find it rather awkward to start conversations by simply marching up and introducing myself. Making some comment/observation about the situation we're both in (it's cold, the queue barely moves, the coffee is great here) and going from there works better for me. If the conversation doesn't run into the ground after a couple of lines, slipping the introduction in somehwhere along the way is easy enough.
I used to appreciate Dickens in a slightly condescending manner - great style, but complicated plots usually don't come together, pacing is often mucked-up and ugh, cheap emotional punches. But then I read Chesterton's analysis of his novels and it really made me see his strengths in a clearer light and wider context. Further evidence to all the things a good fanbase can do for an author!