Before it got dark today I did just that. I was looking for tracks beside the house. I didn't see any. I also checked around the shed. Behind it is a lot of, well, trash and crap. I didn't see any tracks but it did appear some things had been moved and there was a spot by the corner of the shed (whereabouts we heard it growl/howl both nights) that seemed the grass and weeds were pressed down. Like something had been sitting or standing there.
NP link?
Haha
Could someone post a link so I can watch it online?
Do it!
Has anyone checked the chan's to see if this is b? Or x?
Hope they reply to you. This guy said they'd fix this issue for me and my Boyfriend who is currently owed back clams. And so far, nothing. I don't want to play if I can't bank clams, I don't have that kind of dough to play this game otherwise. Hell, I don't have a job at the moment, I am looking but where I live it doesn't look like I'll be able to afford it after I start working again. It is really expensive.
It's really up to the parents if they get their son circumcised. It is way common in America. I'm atheist and I'd do it to my boy if I had one. It is just normal here, and as long as it's done sanitarily I really see no issue. Female circumcision is vastly different, and causes vast issues for girls. Guys that are circ still jerk off, still cum normally, the loss of sensation is minimal (men still prematurely ejaculate with alarming regularity while circumcised). They just don't have Smegma and have less issues with cleanliness. It actually does reduce std transmission. Also, I've had both, and as a female, it is easier giving head to a guy who is circumcised because you don't spend all that time pushing foreskin back, more time spent playing with the shaft. I also know there are men who get the surgery done because of actual medical purposes. Does it have to be done? Almost always, no. But it can cause shaming in the boys locker room when you got extra skin down there. But then, such is the American way. Oh, and a circumcised dick looks visually larger, which is a plus to women.
Also, when I was very little, I remember they actually didn't want to be called Christians. Many are brainwashed out of remembering this, but old die-hard Mormons pushed it hard on me and the rest of the kids  It's only more recently they want to be called Christians to seem more mainstream and normal. They have a whole set of different books than the bible, and rarely refer to the bible. They use it less and less nowadays, and have actually cut old testament classes in many lesson plans.
I made a subreddit! Go to r/groundzeromedia If you are interested. Obviously I am the mod, so if you have any ideas, let me know!
Crazy Amy?
OMG I am SO Happy with everything I received in my package! I am already having fun watching Sherri and Terri talk in their "secret language" and can't wait to see what comes next! Thank you Therealkinghomer! You've made my experience with Tapped Out even MORE enjoyable than ever :) Also, Happy Whacking Day!!!
I don't have a question...just wanted to formally tell you that I've always thought of you as sexy. That is all.
Thank you for that. It's going to be tough, but I'm working on it. :) It is good to know I'm not the only one going thru this.
I am here for knowledge. :)
o.O
You right.
Let the addicts go into crazy withdrawl. They'll eventually be cut out of existence. Harsh? Yeah. But I never have had a moral problem with people taking care of other people, with or without Police assistance. And I am sure that they are uncontrollable, and no one needs violent addicts in their community, whether it be in the slums or not.  Also, I heard that Brazilian police are corrupt as all hell. They only take care of their own, and the people have learned to fend for themselves. Sadly, it looks like with the police bruatlity in America, it's slowly turning that way here, too.
Reports of UFO's have been around since LONG before Chris Carter (creator of X-Files) was even born. And even before we had planes. I don't know why exactly the UFO's are interested in the US, you are right, there are more REPORTED sightings here. There are woodcuts from Nuremberg, Germany depicting battles in the sky between flying things from 1561.  Also, I would say that more people probably believe in ET's and UFO's in this day because of the sheer improvement in knowledge. We know that we're made of stardust, we know that the universe is incredibly old, we know that the building blocks of life are scattered throughout the universe. We know now about Panspermia. The chances of us being alone are nil. It's either us or there is a lot of life universally. So, if you start there, universe being old and filled with building blocks of life. Then you add in that we humans are barely a Type 1 civilization, and if you can imagine there may be Type 2 or even 3 civilizations, then it becomes harder to conceive that they wouldn't have technology to bend/fold/manipulate time and space.  So much to think about. But truthfully, the best thing I can tell you to do is look up. If you have access to GOOD Night Vision Binoculars, that will help too, as many of these crafts are only visible outside of our visual spectrum. Which could mean they are inter-dimensional or from another universe(maybe). It's just, honestly, super unlikely that we are alone. I think, you should start there. Contemplate: Could it just be us? Could this vast universe filled with the building blocks of life only have harbored life on Earth? I think if you consider it in those terms you will find that the odds are quite small we could be alone. Of course, if you are looking for a dead body and DNA, I am unable to produce that.   Also, I don't know if the government is maliciously hiding information on this subject. I mean, I don't have special insider knowledge. BUT, I will say this: Our government HAS reported UFO's over nuke sites, these craft seemingly disabled (individually and remotely) their equipment. Also, you should look into the Rendlesham Forest Incident. Lots of military personnel reported seeing something strange over a few nights there, too. You can view the documents thru the FOIA. These are well-documented cases, too. The Mexican military also has RELEASED information and video concerning unknown flying objects over their skies as well. You can see this as easily as going to Youtube.
:) So much better than rushing into things. Go you!
Not really gonna go into why, but I don't think he's faking it. And if he is, he's done a fantastic job. But, I really don't think he is.
Nom :)
Because it made me realize a much much larger picture of life and how it works. I had always believed "God" had made beings on other planets (the universe is gigantic as all get out) but religiously I had been taught they could never come in contact with us. When I saw this I realized, we weren't the most advanced anything. I realized my insignificance and how amazing it is that I am even alive. And somehow all that just fit :)
nosebleed. same shit used to happen to me as a kid. all the freakin' time, too.
Heh, that's pretty damned close to what I saw, yes. Additionally, I am saddened that many people have written her and said that she is just filming regular planes or she is using a form of trickery. Having seen this in real life, I can say I don't think what she is filming are real planes or is a fake craft.
A: Nope.  And I don't know why it showed me what it did.  I can go so far as to  speculate that it may have been biological. Yet, I keep thinking it may have been from a Tier 2 civilization where it probably would appear to be biological.  And I will have the diagrams up tonight or tomorrow :)
Good thing he saw his far off, I had a nice close up and personal encounter. Left me questioning my own sanity, thought it was a dream, and wrote about it (with drawings of it) in my journal so if I woke up and it wasn't there I knew I was just dreaming. I still have this journal, with this information logged in there. Either I am still dreaming or I have to concede,  I really saw..something.
It's not as easy as it would initially sound. I kind of live off my beau, so now I have to get my own job, my own car and get my shit together, then I can leave. This isn't going to be a quick thing. But, I'll keep you informed should I attend a munch. Fun fun...
1. He refuses to compromise, at all. He simply will not do it. It's so aggrevating I want to tear my nails out sometimes. I can't express how awful it is to bend over on someones lap and tell them "ive been naughty, spank me" and have them nonchalantly push you off them and go back to watching Youtube. 2. I am very focused on sex. That is why I came to r/sex. I feel like my sexual health isn't being exercised, and I wanted to know if what I was feeling was ok or right. What I am finding is my sinking feeling of I need to break up is something that a lot of people would agree with. I'm not being selfish, he is by not even trying. I'm willing to do pretty much anything for him and I think I posted that I've asked what he wants. He wont tell me what he wants. He just...it's like he has almost no libido.  Also, you're right, relationships are more than just sex. But when your being sexually stifled and have 1 libido that is GO at 96% of the time/day or night...and one who is about 5% eh, ok, we can fuck, once a day/every few days/week...I'm sorry, but I can't do it... I've tried like hell for two years...
I have no problem with eating meat. However, the treatment of said "meat" while in life is, to me, of utmost importance. I'm not saying they get heated floors and mani/pedi's every Saturday morning with a latte.  What I'm saying is I am 100% for ethical treatment of food while it's alive. No matter if it's a dog, cat, rabbit, cow, pig, duck, goose, or fish. It's mind boggling to me that people could feel ok with doing this to something alive. Not to freakin' mention that mammals when living in a stressful and/or unhealthy living conditions release chemicals from the brain that DO NOT EXIT THE BODY. Instead, they build up in the muscle...and what of animals, pray tell, do we eat? The fucking muscles. So what? You might think. Heh... These chemicals don't release from our bodies, either. That means even if going thru the digestive system they can be absorbed into the body and are not passed. This build up of negative emotional chemicals into the body happens in our own lives! Why the fuck would you want to eat something that has been freaking miserable its whole life, knows nothing but misery and has been releasing this chemical into it's muscles and then YOU and your Family ingest this meat. Maybe, just maybe, the reason so many people are on things like Prozac or Zoloft might actually stem from the living conditions and overall mental soundness of the freaking meat we are eating.  Ok. Sorry to write all of that, I was going to make a short comment and that just blurted out of me. I feel very passionate about this idea of mine and I really do feel that it does matter what you eat and how it was handled in life. In fact, if you have ever gotten meat from farmers who have clean pastures and feed their, say, cattle with grains, oats, molasses and not just soley corn, you know you can taste the difference. And I also feel good after I eat it, not like the feeling you get from McD's or even most store bought meat. /my 2cents
im reading this and drinking a beer, so i am getting a kick :)
This kinda shit has always bothered me. Even Amish know to bring their families into the hospital, dr, dentist if someone should need it. These people are just batshit insane and one step away from having a 'Children Under The Stairs' scenario.  /Everyone knows The Flying Spaghetti Monster DOES NOT FAITH-HEAL