Early release for 91-year-old who hauled 2,600 pounds of cocaine to Michigan for cartel
this is the plot for episode 1 of black mirror season 2, a male sex bot with complete carnal knowledge and willingness to follow every order and listen to every word
they have air superiority against ISIS since western jet are providing air support, and they dont run away from ground engagement like Iraqi army. they seen to know what they are doing and have a solid game plan.
When historians write about this period in U.S. history, it could very well be that one of the themes will be how the United States lost its global technology leadership to other nations  which nation would US lost the leadership to over this? it is quite clear that all other countries with high level of technology are all doing large scale digital surveillance. British have GCHQ tapping the fiber backbone, Russia have SORM, French just last month pass law to have mass digital data collection , Germany have BND collection millions of phone data and pass along to NSA.
he is no the biggest coward of the lot, just the first to get nail by the FBI and set this thing in motion, now that so many directly implicated we will see much more people snitching on everyone to save their own ass. i would be surprise if anyone of these crook will be willing to do time for each other.
but if he is doing this intentionally, it is a terrible plan, he have no control of his own movement and have to depend on luck to find someone that can free him.
if he give one WC slot without playoff from UEFA to Oceania, Australia will sure jump back to that group and resume beating everyone there 20-0 until the only game that matter with NZ
http://www.theguardian.com/football/2015/may/28/vladimir-putin-fifa-united-states-meddling  Russias Vladimir Putin accuses United States of meddling over Fifa arrests   Vladimir Putin has accused the United States of meddling outside its jurisdiction by arresting officials from Fifa.  This is yet another blatant attempt [by the United States] to extend its jurisdiction to other states, the Russian president said on Thursday.  Putin added that the arrests were a clear attempt to prevent the re-election of Fifa head Sepp Blatter and that the Swiss had Russias backing.  It looks very strange, the arrests are carried out on the request of the USA side, he said.  They are accused of corruption  who is? International officials. I suppose that someone broke some rules, I dont know. But definitely, its got nothing to do with the USA. Those officials are not US citizens. If something happened it was not in the US and its nothing to do with them.
More than half the countries in the world are currently generating Islamist extremist fighters for groups such as al-Qaida and Islamic State, the UN has said.
more bad news for FIFA  http://www.theguardian.com/football/live/2015/may/27/fifa-officials-arrested-on-corruption-charges-live#comments  World Cup votes - criminal proceedings opened  The Swiss Federal Office of Justice has announced it is now questioning 10 people who took part in voting on the 2018 and 2022 World Cup bids. More to follow.
North Korea are the world leader in making large statue, since they have been making so much of them at home, they have been exporting these expertise abroad.   http://www.bloomberg.com/bw/articles/2014-03-27/north-korea-bags-5-million-for-building-two-mugabe-statues  North Korea may be cut off from much of the world, but the so-called Hermit Kingdom manages to run a thriving multimillion-dollar business building monuments, statues, museums, sports stadiums, and more for a long list of countries, many of them in Africa. Its most recent deal fetched $5 million for two statues of Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwes longtime president, to mark the leaders 90th birthday.
media does not always need FOIA request to get police arrest report.  in state with high open government level like Florida, the police will just email the entire report to the reporters or post all the report online. leading to great Florida Man stories everyday complete with mugshot and detail of the craziness.  http://www.miaminewtimes.com/news/how-floridas-proud-open-government-laws-lead-to-the-shame-of-florida-man-news-stories-7608595
North Korea threatens nuclear attack on US
i will be interested in a documentary about the making of this documentary, how much will scientology fight back against this compare with the previous BBC documentary.
He said he initially denied impregnating the girl in 2011 because the information would ruin his reputation as a teacher.   During the investigation of this story, Mokoena also threatened to hunt down, assault and kill this journalist.  seen like he is going to be a great father/grandfather
he have already make hundred of millions in his career, if the only thing he is into is drug and prostitutes, i dont see how it will reduce his net worth any time soon. he would be more worry about his business manager stealing his money or making major bad investment.
it is no to win heart and minds, it is to put a dent on the official personality cult of the supreme leader and state propaganda of a worker paradise. several group have been working for years to smuggle in usb drive of foreign movie and tv show to NK. this is a dangerous poison pill for the authority, literally the most dangerous weapon being used again them.  even if the north korean watching this video does not understand a single word in the video and dont understand the plot. just a display of foreign ways of life will dangerously undermine the regime's message.
NSFW, Britta turn the table on Annie  https://uproxx.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/gillian-alison.jpg
is this title accurate? dont jailer refer to the guard and warden of the prison? people which have nothing to do with his conviction, unlike the police, DA, judge and jury.
this is the full objective, quite funny read  Objectives of Qatar Mega Marathon 2015  Organizing Qatar Mega Marathon 2015 comes in sync with the vision of Qatar 2030 and sport is one of its most important pillars. Qatar Mega Marathon will contribute in spreading the awareness of sports, and as a kind of social responsibility that the sports play in the lives of the nationals and expatriates of the State of Qatar. The Marathon will support the majestic march of sports of our beloved country, as Qatar is considered as the region's sports capital.  Mega Marathon Qatar represents a decisive response to the campaign waged by the sector of envious haters on the success of Qatar to host the 2022 FIFA World Cup, and to their false allegations of persecution of workers and residents in our beloved country. The Marathon will play an active part in promoting the social role of sport and the ideals and values held in common by the State of Qatar. As the Qatari people, Government and residents have all expressed the wish to present the State of Qatar as active around the world as an outward looking state dedicated to the improvement of relations between nations through sport.   The Marathon objectives can be summed up as follows:  Organizing Qatar Mega Marathon represents our commitment to the vision of His Highness Sheikh Tamim Bin Hamad Al Thani, Emir of the State.  Celebrating the Qatari National Sports Day  The image that the Marathon will show how Qatar encourages the non-discrimination attitude among the nations. Promote the social role of sport. The Marathon is a unique model for it is not just a race but it embraces historical, educational and cultural associations and possibilities  Emphasize the importance of the participation of people with special needs in social events, and enhance their role in building a healthy and prosperous future for the State of Qatar.  Encouraging the spirit of sharing and volunteering in the social events, in order to fulfill the aspect of social responsibility. As many of the youth will volunteer to guide the runners along the Marathon path Draw the attention of the West   Arab World to the Qatari athletic vision through its various   distinctive activities. Attempting to allow Qatar to break the world record and enter Guinness World Records with the Largest Marathon in the world after it was confined to the United States of America.  http://qatarmegamarathon.com/en/index.html
it is a flimsy rumour, they would not want to be trapped by spreading an easily disproved rumour. it is smart to focus only on those allegation that have more supporting evidence.
did Lesnar new contract mean he will appear every week to beat the crap out of Rollins, that would be TV rating gold.
is this a guy a actual doctor? why he stop a chicken pox, do he also think getting smallpox is a right?   might as well shutdown hospital ICU and stop all medical operation, those are just messing with natural order of thing.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CiWhU_MoblM  Rosamund Pike on Rehearsing Sex Scenes with Neil Patrick Harris for Gone Girl   It's all well and good until David Fincher and Ben Affleck show up to watch.
IIRC nigeria always maintain they got this under control and soon to defeat Boko Haram. it would be humiliating for Nigeria as an country that are aspire to be the regional power to need foreign troop in their country to take down a rebelion
they scan at higher resolution precisely because 4k and 8k are coming to comsumer, they don't want to do the mastering again every time higher resolution release is required  this is a article about the scanning process way back in 2008  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/click_online/7525143.stm  The digital remastering process begins by scanning the reels of film, frame by frame at 2,000 pixels across, about the resolution of high definition TV.   At this resolution the machine can scan 18 frames a second, meaning the film moves through the scanner at about two thirds of the true speed. Every single frame can generate 13MB of data.  Increasingly, the studios are scanning at 4,000 and even 6,000 pixels across, in order to prepare the films for even higher resolution.   Scanning at these resolutions generates immense amounts of data - a typical 4,000 pixel film will take up at least 12TB, before any work is done on it.   Luckily, Warner Bros has a rack of machines which provide one petabyte (1000 terabytes) of storage.
not likely, it is in shallow sea and the plane dont have much fuel on it to go into indian ocean. they are going to find it soon
the CGI is much better in PR, there is a real sense of weight behind the robot and monster, you feel the robot running and throwing every punch.   and every robot and monster are much better designed than transformers. each have different looks and ability that allow you to know which is which instantly. a lot of the robot in transformers looks too much alike. which is very confusing when they fight, especially with the way Bay shot those fight scene.
wait, what????
this will be removing entire china mainland internet, pun is everywhere on chinese online forum and their version of twitter.  many people are using pun with different word to avoid harmonization by the internet police.
America's best-selling death metal band Cannibal Corpse has seen most of its shows in Russia canceled on technicalities among protests by Christian fundamentalists.
Hamas set to continue building and developing the weapons of resistance until the liberation of Israeli-occupied Palestinian lands.