Sanders? Source?
well, we were...but we sobered up now...since we can't afford to drink anymore...
Crowd of 8,000 greets Bernie Sanders in Dallas
Is this real life?
Go Bernie!
Bernie Sanders on newfound campaign momentum
"Sanders is merely the latest version of Howard Dean, another Vermont elected official who surged in early polls by appealing to the liberal base of the Democratic Party and running against the establishments early favorite, who in 2003 was Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry."  Yup...and Kerry couldn't get people out to vote.  Maybe the "Establishment" needs to listen to what the actual voters want.
BERN IT UP!
Go home Trump...you're drunk.
This is a ploy to keep the anti equal rights crowd happy while the equal rights crowd says, "Well, his wife is for it, so...  And as far as these death threats go...did this really happen? Or is this just another story they made up?
yes...he's tapped into this new magic called "telling the truth"
Have an upvote...you almost made me snort coffee out my nose!
especially on a Wed night with only about a week's notice
i love drum lines!
Joined, liked and shared
me too
If a company cannot afford to pay a livable wage, that company is not viable and should close its doors.  Raising wages allows more people to have money to spend into the economy, increasing demand, and therefore creating jobs
umm....we prefer to be called cheeseheads if you don't mind
ok...but you are talking to an old lady here, I was gonna use posterboards and markers hee hee
This just shows how out of touch with the real world she is...
Thanks Scott Walker
WTF????
hmmm...how about a pint for me and a pint for Bernie...donate the cost of a pint of ice cream to his campaign.... or maybe a pint for me, and a pint for the Revolution
Hillary Hate is rampant in the Republican party.  Did you know there is actually a PAC called stop hillary now and their one goal is to end Hillary Clintons Political career???
I am outraged. I'm outraged that people are insured who should be paying out of pocket or going without treatment. I'm outraged that, to pay for it, the government has to either tax (meaning I lose money), borrow (keeping the interest rate low which means since I'm an investor rather than a borrower I lose money), or inflate the currency (which, again, since I have investments makes them worth less and I lose money  You believe some people who can't afford to pay should go without treatment?  Not everyone can afford it, but everyone is somebody's   son, daughter, mother, father, brother, sister, or grandparent...if poor people get sick, do you believe that we should leave them to die? Is money more important that a persons life?
hear here
very cute!
awww...what kind of dog is he?
very cool!
very good!
gorgeous!
great pic!