If McGregor wins, Frankie is out of luck as then Aldo is up next.. keeping him on the sidelines for up to a year if he takes no new fights
Apple Music songs don't remain in Playlists?   Anyone experienced this? I'll add 8 songs or so to an original playlist, but when I go to the playlist, 5 or 6 of them refuse to be added.. even after Apple Music gives me the "added" checkmark to indicate that it worked.
Yet still as pertinent as ever. Lebron in crunch time is about as dangerous as J.R. Smith.  The Cavs waltzed to the finals in a historically weak Eastern Conference and all of a sudden Lebron is the best player ever, MVP of the finals, when he just has 2 rings? (one of which was thanks to Ray Allen)...
If there's ever a MadMen type show about life in the 90s and 2000s, viewers will be shocked at how frequently we eat fast food
Oh come on, this is just ridiculous. For starters, it's not as if Jones has taken that much damage. Furthermore, his problems go back quite a ways, and even precede his fight with Gustaffson, his most brutal encounter yet.  Instead of making excuses, why not call it like it is. He's a super young kid who became a millionaire super fast. He was immature and made a rash of bad decisions. But because he was the champ, and past mistakes were overlooked, he was feeling invincible.  Brain damage? come on. As if this is the first time a young athlete with way too much money has made a string of horribly bad life decisions.
Good call... a google image search for beagle/doberman pincher also may be close?
It's a brand new imac that had OS X yosemite 10.10.1.. I updated to 10.1.2.  I ran the diagnostics test (said everything was okay), repaired disk permissions.. and its still happening
Apple Watch retail plan: 15 min. appointments, 10 try-on stations, Edition experts
What's frustrating is that the UFC has all the pieces in place to be AMAZING.. but they're dropping the ball.  To wit, Anderson Silva -- steroids aside -- back a few years ago was THE best fighter anyone had ever seen. And yet, from 2009 to 2013, he fought just twice a year. We can't even get the champ fighting 3 times a year just once?
Stephen Colberts Second City Sign-Off
I suppose its rare, having seen innumerable harold shows, that I see a great opening. Perhaps I'm jaded, but just food for thought I guess :)
That's valid. Perhaps I'm missing something, but what I found utterly bizarre is that if you watch the interview, she's talking about how Uber would have had cars posted up at her house, her kids lives in danger.. It all seemed purposefully blown way out of proportion due to her visceral hatred of all things Uber. The "they're coming after my family" reasoning seemed delusional or purposefully misleading.
Apple Pay has accounted for 0.91% of all Whole Foods transactions since launch
The "amass marketshare and monetize later" strategy is getting a bit stale in tech... just look at Amazon
What's that commercial for Google Now that ends with a woman high up in a tree?   I can't find it on YouTube and it's driving me nuts!
Over the last two seasons, who has played better, Ronaldo or Messi?   Ronaldo is on a goal scoring rampage, and Messi this year has been unusually quiet
Apple crushes Sept. quarter record, earning $8.5B profit on sales of 39M iPhones, 5.5M Macs
Rare Video of Steve Jobs calling out Michael Dell: "We're coming after you buddy"
It may dissappear after 2-3 days.. it may just be the glue if its recently manufactured http://www.cultofmac.com/192299/does-your-iphone-5-screen-seem-yellow-dont-worry-overmuch/
Because that's not what they're used for at all. Hardly amusing, it's fundamentally sad and horrific that Hamas leadership has spent tens of millions of dollars to construct tunnels instead of using money earmarked for civilians for, well, civilians.  Take a look at the folks giving Reuters a tour of the tunnel and try and convince anyone that these tunnels have any benign purpose. Amusing indeed.
I can't believe anyone thinks Xiaomi is copying Apple, just pure coincidence I tell you!
Apple in June hired the lead software engineer from Atlas Wearables, a wearable fitness tracker on steroids
Not a surprise. I put out a text post saying how "blah" the UFC 174 card was and got downvoted into oblivion. The fact is that the UFC needs more compelling stars. Old stars returning (arlovski) doesn't cut it. There are far too many UFC shows to keep track of these days and dillution is a real problem.  More problematic is that the more of these ho-hum cards we have, the more the UFC's reputation will suffer. 3 ho-hum cards in a row, hypothetically speaking, makes ordering the next UFC PPV (even if it seems great) a little bit tougher.  The UFC seems so dead set on worldwide expansion that they're losing focus of what got them to the promised land in the first place. Also, how often do we hear fighters talking about wanting to fight more? The UFC needs to get borderline top guys like Luke Rockhold more fights. I just saw him on UFC tonight the other day and he wants to fight ASAp, but he may not even get a fight lined up till September.
Apple's WWDC 2014 keynote video now streaming as OS X 10.10 Yosemite, iOS 8 betas seeded
Tesla Model S is a premium product that folks are willing to spend a premium price for. Will the Model E, as a mainstream product, be able to attract mainstream buyers who only have 1 shot at making a correct purchasing decision?  In other words, will most folks be too put off by Electric? The rollout of superchargers can only help tho, esp with gas stations almost everywhere
So far there's no word on where the other 3bn may come from. Panasonic remains non-committal, right?
Is the market the Model E is aimed at even concerned with 0-60 times? Sure it's a nice cherry on top, but given the price range for the Model E, the more important factors I think will be range/style.  Also, Musk has said the Model E will have a few less features than the Model S to keep it economical (i.e perhaps not as big a touchscreen display)
Felony? Really?
Good decision. He's been getting walloped lately. Was great to watch in his heyday, that's for sure.  And what a nickname too..
oh very cool, much thanks man :)
Something tells me they'll both be fine. Also, it depends on how you define "success". Apple will keep on making more and more money than Steve Jobs could have ever dreamed of, but that doesn't necessarily mean that they'll be as innovative.  Guess we'll see what the iWatch has to offer
i believe that's part of the plan as well. the patent granting system has appeared to be messed up for some time now. There's even a patent on a golf swing, and of course, the myriad of patents covering unbelievably vague technologies that are nothing more than abstracts