Amtrak to Install Interior Cameras After Deadly Crash
Texas Is Trying To Make It Basically Impossible For Minors To Get An Abortion
Great longread: "How did the candidate of hope and change turn into the president of secret kill lists, drone strikes hitting civilians, and immunity for torturers? The answer may lie in his relationship with the CIA director, a career bureaucrat turned quiet architect of a morally murky national security policy who isnt going to let a little thing like getting caught spying on the Senate bring him down."
McDonalds Big Mac sauce is now available  but only in Australia
Malaysia's civil aviation authority issued a statement Thursday officially declaring the passengers and crew of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 deceased and saying the disappearance of the Boeing 777 on March 8, 2014 was an accident.
Red Light Jihad: Islamic insurgency in Thailands strangest party town (2014)
By a two-to-one vote, a federal appeals court in Cincinnati upheld the right of states to ban same-sex marriage, overturning lower-court decisions in Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio and Tennessee that had found such restrictions to be unconstitutional.
A mysterious explosion at or near an important military complex rocked the Iranian capital on Sunday, lighting up the skies over the city.
Two prominent leaders of the Tiananmen protests, Wu'er Gaixi (now living in Taiwan) and Zhou Fengsuo (now living in San Francisco) give their thoughts on the protests in Hong Kong and offer advice to the young leaders of today.
Source: journalist [Ioan Grillo](http://www.globalpost.com/dispatch/news/regions/americas/mexico/140930/how-mexican-drug-war-vigilantes-cartels-diy-tanks)
This piece uses the new war against the Islamic State, and debates about whether it's a "war" at all, to discuss how our traditional understandings of "war" - legally and culturally - have been disrupted by the increased use of special operations forces and asymmetric warfare to combat terrorism.
Crimea does not need gay people, says top official. Crimeas most senior official has said sexual minorities have no chance on the peninsula that Russia annexed from Ukraine in March.
Leo DiCaprio and fellow environmentalists nominate oil bosses including Shell CEO to ice bucket challenge
U.S. Will Change 'Ineffective' No-Fly List Process After Judge's Ruling
California Drought Is Worst Since at Least 1895, Data Shows
This man has lost 63 relatives to the Islamic State. On Friday, Assad Haig received a call from his mother's phone number. On the other end was a militant of the Islamic State. Haig's family, the man said, were going to be executed.
Barnes   Noble teams up with Google for same-day book delivery
How the Ebola outbreak turned into a racism and responsibility debate. Should the experimental drugs that have been given to two Americans be sent to Liberia? This potentially life-and-death debate is raging as the disease continues to claim lives in West Africa.
Before a High-Stakes Standardized Test, Uzbekistan Shut the Whole Country's Internet Down
US government funding (a different) anti-Castro social network in Cuba. The US government is using a sophisticated cell phone program in a failed effort to spark anti-Castro demonstrations on the island, according to Cuban officials and a US expert.
Machine in the Netherlands Collects Plastic Waste, Turns it into Floating Parks
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie vetoed a bill that would have limited gun magazine sizes from 15 bullets to 10 on Wednesday. And in a typically strongly-worded veto message, he said the measure was nonsensical and trivial.
The leader of Iraq's Kurds set the ball rolling Thursday for a referendum on their long-held dream of independence, another setback for international efforts to unite the country's politicians against a militant offensive.
London: Ubers Good to Go, Rules the Ride-Sharing Service is Legal
Revenues from ads running on smartphones and tablets will outstrip those from newspaper, magazine and radio ads for the first time in the U.S. this year, according to a new report.
The most popular World Cup team in the United States may not be the United States - A LOT of people in America will be watching Mexico play Brazil today.
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad announced a wide-ranging amnesty on Monday - Foreigners who entered the country "to join a terrorist group or perpetrate a terrorist act" would receive an amnesty if they surrender to authorities within a month, the decree said.
Exactly, call SPCA, Humane Society, police. Most state SPCA's have investigators and all have relationships with police. In many cases SPCA and police can convince them to surrender the dog rather than face an investigation and potential criminal charges. Call today and could be remedied quite quickly, depending on where you live. (I live in Boston and the MSPCA is awesome at this kind of thing.)
Be clear: for-profit, market-based health care is causing chaos, and intentionally causing chaos to undermine what the ACA tries to achieve. If only our elected officials hadn't given over one of the most important pieces of legislation in history to the health insurance lobby none of this would be happening. If we had a public option, which so many people called for and Congress + Obama failed to deliver, none of this would be happening. The industry is doing everything it can to make this roll-out a disaster.
Credit: Herbert G. Ponting, National Geographic
I live a block away and go to Video Underground a lot. It's an amazing place, a big part of what makes this neighborhood great, and this guy is a great owner and person. I will keep my eyes open and forward this around.
Genghis Blues (1999)   It's about a blind blues singer named Paul Pena who heard Tuvan throat singing while listening to short wave radio, started doing it himself, and was invited by Kongar-ol Ondar, a famous Tuvan throat singer, to travel to Tuva (in Southern Siberia) to participate in a throat singing festival. It's amazing and so is the soundtrack. Here's Kongar-Ol on the Letterman show: [Kongar-Ol](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TVyyhHFKI8E)