One Piece is actually a really good shounen. Check it out!
Bruce Lee.
I completely agree with your message! Anime is really beautiful and it often does teach its viewers valuable themes and lessons. I hate it when people just brush it off as a typical "cartoon" when it really isn't. Anime can have the same impact as a good book, movie, or T.V show.   As for the anime you listed, I enjoyed all of them. Toradora was also the first romance drama anime I've seen and although it's been over 3 years since I've last seen it, I still remember the story quite vividly. Clannad was alright for me, it didn't have as much of a lasting impact as Toradora or Anohana did but I also really enjoyed the second season. As for Shigatsu Wa Kimi No Uso, it was a great anime but it's not one of my favorites. I felt the story was a bit slow at the start and it really started picking up after Kaori was sent to the hospital. I can also kinda relate to what the main characters felt and the pressure of performing on stage since I, too, used to play the violin semi-competitively.   For me, the anime that impacted me the most is Welcome to the NHK. I definitely recommend it to anyone who's going through rough times (depression, stress, anxiety). The thing I like the most about it is how accurately it depicts depression and other mental illnesses. It also incorporates several genres such as slice of life, romance, comedy yet sometimes it turns really really bleak, depressing, dark, and psychological. Overall, I highly recommend it to you. I think you will like it and I hope you will watch it sometime soon!
[You don't want to see any pics because /u/Occasionally_Girly is actually a guy](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/3d0h0g/whats_the_worst_compliment_you_have_ever_recieved/ct0oabi?context=3)
Sorry my bad! I tend to forget people's usernames...
:(
I'd beg to differ, look at her Bad Blood music video and you'll see for yourself how much of a fighter she is.
Welcome to the NHK!
Hey guys. This might be buried but for any of you guys who are going through some tough stressful times, I highly recommend Welcome to the NHK. Its an extremely heartfelt and beautiful story that anyone can enjoy. No anime has made me laugh and cry as many times as this series has!!
Glad you like it! EDM is actually a pretty big genre itself. In it there is subgenres like Progressive House, Dubstep, Trance, etc. If you really liked Sad Machine you should try out some of Porter Robinson's other songs: Lionhearted, Divinity, Years of War. I'm trying to think of other artists like him but I'm kind of drawing a blank at the moment.
RIP your inbox
This wasn't really an embarrassing moment but I still cringe at the thought of it. I was biking to work a few summers ago and while going downhill I crashed into a wall and fractured my shoulder. I still remember the excruciating pain today even after the injury is gone. I think that could be said for a lot of painful injuries though.
Yeah, I've been on that subreddit before. It's pretty terrible to see the things a lot of Asian kids experience and it honestly makes me hate Asian culture more. I can tell you firsthand that most Asian parents see their children as investments or stocks for their own future success. They want their kids to do well so they can brag to other people about their child's success. The other aspect I hate is the constant competitiveness. Because nearly all Asians kids are under constant pressure from their parents, they're practically being thrown into a pit to compete with each other, not for survival, but for better grades. Those who don't do as well as the other kids are disgraced and tossed aside as if they're a shame to the whole Asian culture. It's disgusting and I wish they would acknowledge that every child has their own strengths and weaknesses. Just because someone didn't get into an Ivy League School, score better on the SATs, or get a 5 on AP tests doesn't make them any less of a person. Sorry if what I said sounded extremely racist. I'm not saying it because I want to sound like a bitch, I'm saying it because it's true and I'm sure there are several other Asian kids out there who feel the same; they're just too afraid to express their opinions or speak out to their parents because of the consequences.
I agree with you suicide is tragic and it places a mental, emotional, and perhaps physical burden on their loved ones; however, suicide is not selfish. Those who have committed suicide did it to end their own pain and suffering because they couldn't tolerate it anymore. It's almost the same concept as Euthanasia. If someone wants to genuinely end their life and see no way around it, just let the person do it. By keeping them alive, you're the one being inconsiderate and selfish to their wishes.
I'm currently going through some rough and stressful times. Speaking truthfully, the only thing that keeps me going is knowing that life will get better eventually. I don't know when or how it will happen but what I do know is that if I do give up on life, I'll be missing out on the great opportunities in the future.
I feel you dude. My mom is exactly like you, except she criticizes me mostly on school or academics. Ever since I was a kid, I've never had a social life. It was always study, study, study.... or practice the violin. Things got exponentially worse when I went into middle school. All of a sudden, it seemed like if I didn't receive an A (90 or higher) I would be a total failure for the rest of my life. In fact in 6th grade she whipped me with my dad's belt and locked *and* blocked the door so I couldn't run. Aside from that, there are multiple instances where they threaten to disown me if I didn't reach their expectations or they would say I would be better off dead so I can't disgrace them further. Honestly I've learned to deal with (mostly my mom's) bullshit. She's also incredibly bipolar, sometimes she'll be in a good mood but when she's in a bad mood, every little thing would piss her off. Something as small as spilling a glass of water would make her scream at you for at least an hour. As for my social life, I'm only allowed to hang out with my friends "occasionally" (once or twice every year). I'm not allowed to play any video games (last time she found out she was hitting me with a chair). I'm not allowed to watch T.V which is impossible anyways because she canceled our cable service back when I was in 7th grade. Luckily for me, she made my father try to monitor what I'm doing on the internet but they both suck at using computers or technology in general so they don't know about incognito. Honestly, the only thing that keeps me going is knowing that the future will be better when I can move out. Until then, I have to keep up with this. You're not alone dude :) and I'm sure this is common for A LOT of asians out there. Sometimes it can be hard to keep your emotions inside (in fact I'm letting my anger out right now) but just do well not for the sake of them but for the sake of yourself!
1. I remember watching the very first episode of HxH 2011 a few years ago, I didn't like it all that much so I put it aside. Fast forward to two months ago, I decided to restart it and I LOVED IT! My love for HxH particularly started around episode 3 when they started the actual first phase of the Hunter Exam. 2. The first episode may be a bit "underwhelming" and a bit like the typical shounen cliche especially with how Gon and his dream of becoming a hunter reminded me of Naruto's dream of becoming a Hokage lol. Then when the actual phases of the Hunter Exam started it was awesome and definitely not underwhelming anymore. 3. Shounen is probably my favorite genre or a close second since I also like Romance/Slice of Life animes too. HxH, I feel is an exception from most Shounen animes I've seen. The storytelling for one is much more fluent than the storytelling of other shounens. Also in HxH there isn't one character that seemed incredibly overpowered and strong like Goku in DBZ. (Maybe Mereum but Netero helped balanced it). 4. I found this show simply by scrolling through a list of popular animes on Crunchyroll.
Ah, that makes sense! On a side note, I hope Gon finds his dad sometime soon!
I see, thanks!
Type 8008 on your calculator.
But if I recalled the drop rate for the badge's weren't very high and also don't you need 100 dark crystals to make one set of balanced furies? Oh and what server are you on? If it isn't too troubling for you can you help assist me in making one set :D?
Wish someone made or recontinued this thread:  http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/28whcw/what_is_your_worst_poop_horror_story/
/u/StickleyMan has the most comment karma, link karma, and trophies I've ever seen for one redditor.
I agree with several of the responses here however the thing that irks me the most is when people compare you to others. A constant example would be my parents when they say "Why can't you be like that Asian kid over there who takes 7 different AP classes, has a 4.9 GPA, 2400 SAT Score, president of 4 different clubs, and captain of 3 different varsity level sports". We're all born differently but does that make us any less than each other? No. Everyone has their own strong points and weaknesses. Those who fail to acknowledge that truth are forever ignorant.
I have two, You Found Me - The Fray and How to Save a Life - The Fray. Those songs has gotten me through several of my darkest moments in life, even through various times when I was about to attempt suicide. Even now, I still listen to it whenever I'm going through some tough times.  Heres what Isaac, one of the songwriters of this song, said about it: ""You Found Me is a tough song for me. Its about the disappointment, the heart ache, the let down that comes with life. Sometimes you're let down, sometimes you're the one who lets someone else down. It gets hard to know who you can trust, who you can count on. This song came out of a tough time, and I'm still right in the thick of it. There's some difficult circumstances my family and friends have been going through over the past year or so and can be overwhelming. It wears on me. It demands so much of my faith to keep believing, keep hoping in the unseen. Sometimes the tunnel has a light at the end, but usually they just look black as night. This song is about that feeling, and the hope that I still have, buried deep in my chest."
I was in 6 or 7th grade when I had my first masturbating experience. Like most other boys that age, when I was about to climax I thought it was going to pee so I ran to the bathroom. Later on I remember being confused on why my pee was white with a creamy color so I decided to ask my mom...
Wow! You're one of the few people I know who actually have a plan on what they're gonna do in college. I still haven't fully decided. At the moment, I could swing either way or maybe even major in something completely different. For the most part I haven't really thought much about college as I'm still caught in the midst of SAT's and trying to maintain my GPA. The amount of stress in Junior year is ridiculous.
Good point. :)
I like your hair
Sure I'll send you a request my username is theguyhiding
Anyone wanna play Civ 5 with me?   I just got Civ 5 Brave New World yesterday on Steam as a Christmas present. Last night was the first time I've ever played anything in the whole Civlization franchise. I did the tutorial but I'm still confused at what I'm supposed to be doing early game. Does someone want to do multiplayer with me and help walk me through some stuff? Thank you!  Edit: I live on the east coast and I can play normally from 11:30 AM - 2:00 PM and from 5:30 PM - 8:00 PM
What did you guys get for Christmas?   I didn't get anything all that extraodinary. This year I only really got two presents. One was from my older sister, she suppossedly brought me Civilization 5 on Steam but it's on her Steam account so I can't really play it. I also got a a few chocolate cookies from my mom as my second present. Pretty lousy Christmas if you ask me but it's better than some of the previous years. Christmas 2010 I got a pencil sharperner from my mom AND dad. I'm being serious. Then I go back from break every year and my friends and classmates ask me what I got for "Christmas" and I just tell them that my family doesn't celebrate it. Remember guys if you think you received lame presents hopefully this story will make you feel better about yourself.  Edit: Thanks for posting guys! It's nice to see what you guys got this year and it made me feel more grateful about the stuff I've received this year and in the past.