I do love Ip man too. Jackie Chan can be the most successful action movie actor in China. Besides, Jet Li and Donnie Yen are great actors in China too. There are still actress who is good at martial arts in China such as Zhang Lanxin in Chinese Zodiac. Movies with Chinese martial arts can make me excited and I'm always dreaming about learning Chinese martial arts!
Wow! Looks fantastic! This thing is the combination of all the things I like!!
But somebody said that Furious 6 was the best one and Furious 7 was even better. I don't know why.
What will you do if your parents or teachers ask you to do something you really don't want to do?   Your parents may ask you to do something you don't want to do when you are at home such as ask you to take out the trash when you are busy with your own things, or your teacher may ask you to do something for her and you have your own things to do, what will you do under these conditions?
Eating with your nose ;)
How are you?  I'm fine.  But sometimes you are not fine and not happy. It's OK to keep it a secret and don't let others know your bad mood but you should try to get yourself out of it.
Angel in City of Angels. When Cage made up his mind to give up being an angel and fall down to embrace the land and his lover.
I haven't got such a problem. I think when you are trying to recommend a movie to someone you first should make sure that he /she has the same interests as you so that they will enjoy the movie you ask them to watch. Otherwise, you may find them don't care much as you.
Definitely!!They end up movies with this kind of scenes, saying that it is the way that they leave a space for us to imagine what will happen next and it makes many scenes followed possible. They think it as good while I think it is very disturbing and annoying.
Word of mouth effect, which make this movie become more popular.
I'm sorry to know this. But I hope you can realize your dream soon.
Oh! Sometimes not very tall can be very active and agility. :)
Great! waiting for your new movie and good luck :)
16 maybe
Final destination
Urban Legend
But women often prefer older men in rel life too. Why? I don't think so. My friends sometimes talk about this and they all want to find boys just one or two years alder than them to be their boyfriends.
Anyone has watched the documentary of Pompeii, or the movie Pompeii? How do you feel?   Our teacher show us the documentary of Pompeii and I have watched the movie Pompeii myself last month. I was shocked by them because all the things happened at that time were something we can never imagined. I think it worth seeing because it can arouse our awareness of protecting our environment and keep developing our technology of observing the natural disasters.
What does your step 3 mean?
Taking over the world may seem cool, but I don't think it will be fun. From the perspective of human beings, you have so many responsibilities and you should consider so many things for human beings, too. But I believe you will be the machine king one day. Try to make machines that will help us at that time.
What do you mean? You mean the life in the movie is not our real life? Yes, robot is not so popular in our life now but we are doing so many researches to develop new products like the robot. So maybe the life in the movie will one day become our real life.
Many people like the series and i think the sheep is cute, too. Charles Chaplin's Modern Times also has few words but it was a great success. So I think the sheep doesn't speak won't be a problem.
That will be great!!waiting for you to share more interesting things on your way to different places with us and good luck!
I really love the natural thinks and the photo with trees, clouds and lakes in it. This photo is amazing!!
Audrey Hepburn's films have always been my favorite. She is such an elegant and kind woman.
what's the differences between 8mm, 70mm and other size?
It's OK, people can understand you. So, don't worry. :)
environment, economy, peaceful and happy life!
Anyone like The Vampires Dairies?
I always do the same thing as you. even if i have watched them for more than once, i still enjoy them when i watch them again!
Will you watch the TV series years ago? Like Friends?   recently, i have been watching the Friends. but i found some of the plots are unfit for our life now. so i wander if anyone will still choose to watch TV series years before?
my friends recommended me to see this TV series and it is really out of my expectation! it is awesome!