One interesting possibility is that trans teens will be less depressed if they know it's not a case of being in the "wrong body". From the conclusion: Transgender youth are aware of the incongruence between their internal gender identity and their assigned sex at early ages.
Gut worms protect babies' brains from inflammation
nope.
Curiosity rover finds evidence of Mars' primitive continental crust
You don't know how to read. Let me help: The scientists ran an in-depth statistical analysis to find out whether pesticides, human land use or other factors may have contributed to declining bumblebee populations over the past century. And the answer is clearly nowe checked this carefully, Pindar says. They are impacted by climate change and these effects are already very large and widespread.  That's a quote in this article, from the lead author on the new study, published in the most prestigious scientific journal in the world. They confirmed through statistical analyses that climate change and NOT pesticides or land use were to blame.
Giant pandas are only able to survive on bamboo shoots because they move slowly and conserve energy.
Bumblebees are clearly liberals, looking for excuses to tax the rich.
TIFU by inviting over my coworkers' dead father.   Obligatory: this happened just now and I'm still wallowing in shame, but not badly enough to wait until it wears off to write a post  I keep a bunch of dinosaur toys on my desk at work. There's a triceratops and a stegosaurus. I expect every intelligent person to know the difference between the two but, just in case you don't [here's a handy explanation](http://dinosaurs.findthedata.com/compare/255-278/Stegosaurus-vs-Triceratops). Right. So my desk-mate pointed to the triceratops this morning and asked if it was a stegosaurus. Rather than smacking him for not being a paleontologist, I gave a super dank explanation:   "No," said I. "It's a tricerotops. Cuz it's got tri, three, ceras on its tops!". So witty. So cool. That's why I'm the king of the workplace.  Meanwhile, another coworker walked by. He said, hey, thats what my Dad used to say when he was describing tricerotops. Now, a social adept person would have heard the phrase what my Dad used to say and figured there might be more to the story. Not me.   Hey!" said I. "Thats awesome. Your Dad is awesome. Lets invite him to the office! Why has he never been here before? Cant wait to meet your dad!! He rocks.   My coworker just stared at me sadly and walked away. Turns out his Dad is dead, and the triceratops thing was a fond childhood memory, not an invitation to remind him of his loss. Oops.  TL;DR Invited coworkers dead father to the office. Ruined a happy childhood memory involving dinosaurs. Clarified stegosaurus vs triceratops once and for all.
OP is most definitely not with the FBI.
Can flying fish fly?
Here's the abstract from [the original study](http://www.nature.com/srep/2015/150611/srep10768/full/srep10768.html): "Microscale soft-robots hold great promise as safe handlers of delicate micro-objects but their wider adoption requires micro-actuators with greater efficiency and ease-of-fabrication. Here we present an elastomeric microtube-based pneumatic actuator that can be extended into a microrobotic tentacle. We establish a new, direct peeling-based technique for building long and thin, highly deformable microtubes and a semi-analytical model for their shape-engineering. Using them in combination, we amplify the microtubes pneumatically-driven bending into multi-turn inward spiraling. The resulting micro-tentacle exhibit spiraling with the final radius as small as ~185 m and grabbing force of ~0.78 mN, rendering itself ideal for non-damaging manipulation of soft, fragile micro-objects. This spiraling tentacle-based grabbing modality, the direct peeling-enabled elastomeric microtube fabrication technique, and the concept of microtube shape-engineering are all unprecedented and will enrich the field of soft-robotics."  EDIT: Here's the full study (no paywall): http://www.nature.com/srep/2015/150611/srep10768/pdf/srep10768.pdf
As long as the peanut supporters keep the hate to their own subreddit and don't harass those with allergies on imgur, I think it'll be fine.
Original study: http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/add.12962/abstract
So, you quit using Reddit?
Here's the original study: http://www.nature.com/srep/2015/150609/srep11202/full/srep11202.html
Juvenile incarceration yields less schooling, more crime
Well, I don't think US should *support* them. I just don't think US should be trying so hard to stop them. Seems likely ISIS will lose anyway. Worst case scenario, ISIS wins and wipes out the Syrian government, the Iranian government and a few terrorist groups. As for the civilians, they're utterly screwed under both the status quo and ISIS, so we're not doing them any favors either.
It's ridiculous.
Non-profit workers are dirty donut thieves, according to a 2006 study on altruism and anonymous donut sales.
Seven new miniature frog species were just discovered in Brazil
Here's the abstract from the [original paper](http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0019103515002079) "Relatively recent cometary impacts at the Moon could leave unique traces of their origins: high impact velocities and volatile abundances, combined with the presence of a dust- and ice-laden coma, may thermally and mechanically process the lunar surface in ways distinct from the impact of an asteroid. Here we analytically and numerically assess the consequences of a cometary impact at the Moon by considering the combined effects of a collision by the nucleus and inner coma. Our results show that cometary impacts entrain the finest fraction of lunar soil grains (10 m) over regional scales (1001000 km), produce large masses of vaporized material, and likely generate transient magnetic fields that could exceed the Earths surface field strength by a factor of 104. This combination of processes is consistent with a mechanism to generate lunar swirls: the diffuse, meandering disturbances in brightness and regolith texture that curl across much of the lunar far-side and are also commonly (but not exclusively) associated with magnetic anomalies. Previous observations of swirl features indicate that bright regions also possess a peculiar, altered regolith structure, which can be produced by the removal of fine soil grains. Regional scouring by an impacting comet explains both the structure and albedo variations: large dynamic pressures entrain the smallest grains within a near-surface flow of dusty plasma, disrupting the backscattering, fairy-castle structure of lunar soils in equilibrium with the airless environment. The resulting surface is brightened by compaction of the previously open, porous macrostructure. Darker lanes observed within swirl regions are interpreted as possible melt and/or vapor deposits. Finally, the intense magnetic fields generated during high-speed cometary impacts provide an explanation for correlations between swirl locations and magnetic anomalies."
Chilli peppers hold promise of preventing liver damage and progression
Never trust people who do yoga.
Here's the [original study](http://jama.jamanetwork.com/article.aspx?articleid=2275444) published today in JAMA. Excerpt: "A retrospective cohort study using an administrative claims database associated with a large commercial health plan. Participants included children continuously enrolled in the health plan from birth to at least 5 years of age during 2001-2012 who also had an older sibling continuously enrolled for at least 6 months between 1997 and 2012...In this large sample of privately insured children with older siblings, receipt of the MMR vaccine was not associated with increased risk of ASD, regardless of whether older siblings had ASD. These findings indicate no harmful association between MMR vaccine receipt and ASD even among children already at higher risk for ASD."
Cannabis consumers show greater susceptibility to false memories
I always think it's ironic that Greens cite scientific consensus for climate change, but ignore the equally compelling evidence that GMOs are safe.   If you're on the side of science, stick with it.
WELL...the DoE lightbulb thing and the EXIM ban were honestly a bit draconian. It's one thing to charge companies extra for choosing the less environmentally friendly option, or to add taxes or incentives. But these were outright bans on investing in incandescent lightbulbs and coal-fired power plants. And the DoT light rail thing just shuts down current projects (the same senators who pushed for that rider are also working on new light rail projects as we speak).  The only thing that I see on your list that looks purely spiteful and "villain level" is the UN Climate Fund. Why the hell can't we let the poor guy fulfill his pledge to save the world?!
It made the farmers pretty happy. It's strange, you usually think of farmers as being lovers of the land and pro-Earth etc...and then you take a look at the politics of it all, and notice that farmers are usually the ones pushing hardest against climate and land protection. Strange times.
Scientists uncover the origins of HIV in Africa and track the genetic differences that allowed the "M group" to spread farther and faster than any other strain. Their findings are published today in the journal Science.
"We look at these old Archaean crusts, for instance, and we dont see the features that characterize subduction," Rey says.  It's a model that confirms physical evidence. Read the article (and the study, for that matter).
Scumbag BICEP team. Getting us all excited over nothing.
The First Family Tree of Beer: A Team of Geneticists is creating the Beer Yeast Genome Project, which will allow researchers to breed new brewing yeasts in spite consumer resistance to GMOs.