No I meant why didn't they just have it in PA??
Oh god
Sorry for your loss :(
Same
Omg ow.  Poor guy
I feel you. No matter what I can never lose the last 10 lbs from my goal weight  :-(
What does this bumper sticker mean?   I keep seeing this bumper sticker. It is a white oval with 21+1 on it in black ink. And I know it has some .org website url at the bottom of it but my hubsand drove away too fast for me to see the damn thing. This is the second time I've seen it and I want to know what exactly it means. I tried google but it's bringing up absolutely nothing relevant. Thanks!
my mom used to do that all the time. I tried explaining it's bad but she swears by it
Your mentality disgusts me. What if this was your daughter? Wife? Mother?  Yes, meeting strangers off the internet can be dangerous. I'm sure she has "learned her lesson".   If the rapist truly knew what the fuck he was doing he would have made her sign a contract. While she may have agreed to having sex involving rape play, she did not consent to being held prisoner for three days. She did not consent to being anally raped. BOTH people were not going about this the correct way. A detailed discussion of hard limits should have been conducted beforehand and a safeword so that when he crossed the line she would at least have the opportunity to signal her distress. Whether that would have stopped him or not.
This probably wasn't the first time he's done this, he has probably preyed upon women in the past in a similar fashion and will continue to do so until stopped. At least imo
oh no, glad he's ok. I had a cat with the opposite problem, she was constipated and couldn't poo. Vet told us to feed her vaseline and it worked like a charm. Trust me you haven't lived until you've tried giving your cat a makeshift enema with a syringe.
lol that's adorable
I was wondering specifically about the unbleached tampons. I used to get really bad yeast infections and the organic tampons seemed to help a lot.  I can only find them at whole foods and they're like $12 a box. So paying an extra $8 to not have to make a 10-20 mile trip is worth it to me, not including chocolate and tea, etc. I will look at amazon for those however. It just seems like everything I need is a damned add-on only item.
it's also supposed to help regulate hormones due to PCOS/help prevent diabetes. I cannot take it I was in the bathroom for two weeks straight. They changed it to the extended release and I was in the bathroom for another week and I switched doctors so I got someone who wouldn't make me take it lol
usps
Not everyone can cum from sex. I can't get myself off with my fingers, I have to use a vibrator.  Have you tried having sex with a small vibrator on your clit?
yay! thanks :)
I bought my mystery box today. Am I still going to get this one? or next month's? any ideas? Thanks!!
YEP
"I haven't tipped in the last 10 years!"   I'm sure she's VERY proud of herself.  I would tell her to go die in a fire.
lol.
I want donuts at like 3 am. and coffee. Does that make me a pig?  I'm not picky though, I'll take whatever.
That is awful :(
dammit I started freaking out too, then I realized it's not may. lol
d'awwwwwww
The other day we had a guy manage to sneak into the store with the lights off to use the bathroom. WE ARE CLOSED. I was horrified because I thought he was trying to rob the store or something. Nope he wanted to go pee.  And then he wanted to buy something/rent a truck. What part of "closed" do you not understand? You can use the bathroom but then we are going to have to ask you to leave.
Yea the thing is after being three days late on payment you get a $15 late fee, after like two weeks the late fee goes up to like $50 and eventually they end up owing ridiculous amounts we know are never going to get paid. So we usually make a deal- pay us half and get your shit out so we don't have to pay for an auction that's only going to gain maybe $20 dollars per unit and then we can rent out the room to a new customer
We have signs that say "please return trucks here" and yet every time rather than parking the trucks in the return lane, they either just park them in the customer parking lot or they go to where they originally picked up the truck and drop it off there. We sometimes have to go across the street and search for lost trucks/vans/trailers. We tell the people where to return them but I guess they just ignore us.
I didn't say it was but if you are married to someone, you should be having sex with them out of love and not for monetary compensation
Does anyone else get this?   We are constantly getting people coming into our store or calling and asking for "Frank" or "Joe" or 15 other people who do not and have never worked there. The only thing I can fathom is that if they call the store and we let it ring four times it goes to the call center in arizona. The call center people are morons. They are always scheduling truck reservations for trucks we don't have, hitch appointments on days when there is no hitch mechanic in the store, and generally making our job 50% harder, especially when the customer comes in and we have to tell them that the call center screwed up. We don't really have that truck available. "But the lady on the phone said!"    Well sir that lady on the phone is a moron. She is over 2000 miles away and is too lazy to look at the computer to see that this particular truck is on the other side of the state.  Anyway, we get this at least once a day. "Is so and so here?"  Who?  "I talked to so and so." Nobody by that name works here. "I just called here and talked to them 5 minutes ago!"  What's better is when after explaining how the call center works the person STILL thinks that one of the employees was the one on the phone and that somehow we are lying to them or playing a trick on them.   TL;DR Just because you talk to someone on the phone doesn't mean they actually work here.
[Request] Too faced boudoir eyes, smashbox full exposure palette   Want to buy too faced boudoir eyes. Offering $25 plus shipping because I found one on amazon for that price.  Thanks!!  EDIT also looking for occ lip tars/lip tar minis in black dahlia, NSFW, and the clear base coat  TY   update: found someone selling smashbox full exposure, thanks :)
"It won't go down!"   Disclaimer: The following post will probably be disgusting.  Today at work, my coworker alerted me to a problem in the men's bathroom. I had already cleaned it so I sighed and asked him what was wrong.  Someone had taken a dump and left it in the toilet bowl. The men's room smelled horrible.    I went to investigate.  "Why wouldn't they flush?" I asked myself, sighing.  Hindsight is 20/20 and I have determined that the guilty party had probably, in fact flushed.    My brave coworker and I marched to the bathroom.   I held my nostrils closed and flushed. Nothing.  It won't budge.  My coworker tried flushing.  Nothing.    I ran from the room, gagging.  The poop was the consistency of glue. It wasn't going anywhere. It had plans of sticking around for a long, long time.  My coworker suggested pouring bleach on it to facilitate the flushing process.  I ran for the cleaning supplies.  In the meantime my coworker decided to record a video on his phone showing the flushing process and lack of progress.  He said he was going to upload it on youtube. He was going to title it "It won't go down."  I poured a fuckton of bleach on the offending turd. It started to disintegrate into a million pieces of stinky disgusting turd.  I repeated the bleach pouring and flushing remedy to no avail.  Maybe, I thought, maybe I'll let it set for a while so the bleach can really soak in there.  I made a sign. Out of order. Please use women's restroom. Sorry!  I taped it to the door.  Did I mention I sprayed a ton of air freshener??  I think we should like, poke it with a stick, I told my coworker.  That's disgusting, he replied.   Yes, yes it is, I thought.  Somehow I've gotta clean this thing.  I googled "poop won't flush" but did not come up with a cure-all solution.  I started looking for something to poke the poo with.  Eventually after half a gallon of bleach and 20 flushes the poop finally SLID down the hole. It left the hugest shitstained bowl I've ever seen.  After much plunging and toilet bowl cleaner soaking and toilet bowl scrubber scrubbing, I finally defeated the shit demon.   I felt like a champion.   I left the door propped open so the bathroom would air out.  Still I warned everyone to use the ladies' room.