I help run the Product Hunt Book Club at www.producthuntbookclub.com and we cover 4 or 5 nonfiction titles a month. If anyone is looking to expand their nonfiction reading that's as good a place to start as any. DM me for details.
Yeah he's awesome. That post came out the day I finished the book, so as much as I hate to admit it I couldn't read much more about Musk, especially since the post is loosely based on the book.
It's funny because it's true
Joe Dirt
Just because something is popular doesn't mean it's not good. You're judging without reading, which reminds me of an old saying...
What do you think of the UX design on Reddit?
Mediocre
The fella with the beard is at work and asked me to respond. As a bit of back story, we all initially began our training with beards- it was kind of a gimmick for charity. He was admirably the only one who kept his throughout, and we actually shaved it off together about an hour after this picture was taken. But here's his response:    "it definitely kept me warm on a relatively cold day. Disclaimer- Not advisable for use with summer training regimen in NYC and is generally incompatible with most models of girlfriend."  Anyway, thanks for the kudos!
The entire thing was memorable. Even the people who were miserable were smiling because of the crowds. The three of us ran the entire race together so we had a lot of support throughout, and we did about as well as we thought we would. If I had to pick one moment, it was coming off the Queensboro Bridge into Manhattan. The crowds, which were already massive in Brooklyn and Queens, were ENORMOUS in Manhattan. It was such a cool experience. Thanks for asking!
Fillory
Junot Diaz will cure that for you.
I'm reading The Son by Philipp Meyer.   I work in the book biz, so I saw dozens of reviews for this book when it came out. If I can help it I won't read a review before I read the book, so I basically ignored The Son until a few weeks ago, when I met Philipp Meyer and had a beer with him. I started reading the book the next day and, though I'm only a dozen chapters in, I know this will be one of my all time favorites. The writing is as close to perfect as I've seen in recent memory. Have you all read the book and what do you think? I'm afraid I'm just a fan of the man instead of the writing.
My friends and I are bearding it for charity. Daily selfies to track growth have commenced on Instagram. Feel free to follow.
What does the expiration date of Tylenol and Advil really mean?
cocker spaniel
It's my cake day, so I decided to buy myself a gift.
manhunted
Lazy fat blogger?
So basically just put all of them in the bcc line to increase your chances of getting on the stool.
According to the press kit on the site, which hasn't been updated in months, the page views are as follows:  Boston - 700k unique users/month New York - 500k unique users/month Chicago - 500k unique users/month BarstoolU - 500k unique users/month Philly - 350k unique users/month  So, there you have it.
If you could choose your friend's Halloween costume, what would you choose?
Ahhhhh
The first book is about a pilgrimage to an abandoned planet, and each of 7 chapters is told by a different pilgrim. Each subsequent book takes a different narrative approach, but all of the characters remain the same. On a side note, if you're at all a John Keats fan, this is a can't miss.
Bright Lights, Big City.
There's going to be an AMA on June 18th at 2pm with Mitch Albom, Scott Turow, Roger McGuinn, Sam Barry, Ridley Pearson,   James McBride.
When men don't wear belts.
Who's your favorite character in all of literature?   I found a list of the top 100 fictional characters of the last 100 years and I just don't know how they came up with them. Love to know your opinions.
Big Business Takes On Gamification
Herman Melville's Moby-Dick was released on this day (11/14) in 1851 to belittlement and slander. Here's why.
The Rumpus is great as well-
Thanks!
Who's read the Hyperion series by Dan Simmons? Commence discussion.