Nobody does it better by Carly Simon
And you have to lie in order to tell the truth.
" I do agree with you that the public has every right to disagree with it if they so choose. Just like it is the comedian's right to continue with his comedy, and If public opinion is strong enough and oppose him he/she will stop."  This is exactly the process that this article is a part of. Public opinion grows through discussion. Which is what this article is.    Free speech and Free markets censor things all of the time.
I took your last comment to a logical extreme, since you stated that you would not label minstrel shows as racist.   I think you are confused about my basic argument. Which is not in favor of authoritarian censorship.    My entire argument is that, someone should be free to put on any show that they wish, however they are not free from the public's opinion.  And the public should have the opinion that overt racism, sexism, etc is wrong and should thus choose to not support those things.  The original claim was that Amy shumers movie perpetuated certain negative stereotypes instead of using comedy to subvert or satirize them.   I think you underestimate the degree to which media influences our worldviews.  Edit: disregard the minstrel show stuff. I got my arguments confused. The Hitler statement was still a logical extreme of your previous statement.
Do you think they're should still be Minstrel shows?
Kurosawa is a master, but you are doing a disservice to yourself as a fan of the genre by limiting yourself to just him.  Check out the Samurai Trilogy by Hiroshi Inagaki which is on this list, Twilight Samurai as well.  Sword of Doom by Kihachi Okamoto,   The original Harakiri by Masaki Kobayashi, and every other movie by Kobayashi you can find.
Which rules of physics do Thor's hammer break?
What is your definition of "lead"?
The Long Good Friday
I find it strange that people seem to have more of an issue with the silly bits in Crystal Skull than the troublesome xenophobia and sexism in Temple of Doom.  I think they're all varying degrees of good, though.
He falls out of a plane in an inflatable raft and doesn't get hurt. You go try that.
Wes Anderson  Organized Crime film.
Simple Plan
Ghostbusters gets confusing.
Yes, there are many lost films.
Drive
one word.   Nazis.
Moonraker has a ton of Pepsi product placement I believe
Sir Ian,  Ive tried your acting advise from Extras, but it doesn't seem to work for me. Any further advice?  How different did the mood on the Hobbit sets feel compared to LOTR?  Do you and other Knights occasionally gather to fight crime together?
He looks like he has a very tiny head compared to his body.
Tin Tin 2
Boba kills Luke
I just thought I was being funny.  Don't mind me.  I'm interested in seeing this at some point though.
well, according to several posters on the Originaltrilogy.com fanedit forums, this one is up there.  However, The Phantom Edit seems to be one of the more well regarded.  I think it will depend on how closely you want the edit to stick to the unedited films.
Star Wars: The Neon Noir (90 minute prequel trilogy with digital soundtrack)
What kind of account are you using?
Christmas albums are always a bummer
Jesus Was a Carpenter
Thanks! This is actually a clip from a larger prequel edit. (all 3 Movies are down to one 90ish minute film with a different score and plot.) I tried to choose the best beats to cut to but some (like that one) may have gotten away.
Star Wars meets Drive
Thanks! The song is Nightcall by Kavinsky
It rolled