Sorry.  I forget that this is a moderated forum.  With that said, I'm going to leave it as is and keep it in check next time.  I have no ragrats.
Baked French toast "casserole."  Basically a bread pudding at that point.  Sandwich bar was mentioned.  I think taco bars are just as good and easier, simply because you can double the prep down for breakfast burritos.  Rice pilaf holds wonderful and is a great side with a slow cooked meat.  Just Make sure that you wrap it with both plastics and foil.  And a good pan sauce/gravy makes the starch stretch further.  Frittatas will be your friend.  Breakfast burrito "enchiladas."  Gyro/falafel station.  Greek salad, hummus, pita, tzatziki, and tapanade.
Alright.  Now you are talking.  So you have money to spend.  A business plan?  I'll look at your floor print in a minute.  I'm fixing another shop right now that is in the same boat as you.  Except they brew.  No kitchen serving food, seating for beer and wine/patio, and losing money out the ass.  Even while brewing.  It's stupid.  If you want some legit help, any into you want to pass the better.  I'm happy to NDA something even if you are afraid of that kind of stuff.  But a location is the best thing you can give me if you want some real thoughts...
Don't quote me on the B3!  I say that because I hear a leslie every now and then on some recordings.  Some of the stuff off Beale Street has the same organ.  It could just be electric piano run through filters and then hit the leslie?  I dunno.  I believe all of that work was with Mick Schauer (keys) who is no longer with the band as I'm aware.  Or at least the last album was back to the roots of the 1993 Clutch we all love...
Fucking hell.  I'm out in NM, but if I knew what I was looking for out there, I'd be on the road right now.  How much weight is that?  Edit to add...  That is some damn good money right there if you can unload it.  I hope you can and that your patches yield another round.
Brined and grilled pork  Chile and lime cured crispy lardon  Diakon, carrot, cuke, and cilantro  Roasted jalapeno mayo  Sub roll  I should have made three.
This.  And in case anyone was wondering...  http://i.imgur.com/AAt7U0h.jpg
Yep.  BFD (big fucking difference) between a MGD and Jack biker bar VS the PBR and martini hipster joint.  And if you want to get them all in there at the same time, prolly gotta make it a sports bar with good bar food and plenty of room and table games.  Which means a fair amount of expensive TVs and pool tables.
Hot garlic pickle, caramel onion, colby jack, stadium mustard.  Porcini pancetta, sauted button shrooms, fontina, stone ground.  Hatch Green Chile, Smoked Chimayo red chile bacon, pepperjack, dijon.
She does it again, call animal control and file charges of abuse.  There is no reason to hit an animal.  Unless it is an animal that is a spiteful cunt who doesnt understand how the world works.  Dogs chew things.  Don't leave shit out.
Goddamn you for posting a link to that pan.  I've wanted one a long time and have never picked one up.  Every time I think about ordering one, I get something different that I know I'll get more use out of.  But now that I'm making individual quiches and baked eggs for my GF's lunch, that pan might just be the ticket!  Wild boar.  Not bad, had not done that one yet.  Funny enough, I was just talking about wild boar sugo with an Italian cook friend.  I'll mention this one.  If you ever have a chance to get your hands on some 'gator bfast sausage, that is the fucking shit when it comes to B G IMO.
Oh I know the cut.  It was just figuring out what to do with the rest of it.  Thanks for stating a proper breading technique.  Better than the hammer for this one is the needler, which I don't have.  But am going to pick up tomorrow because I want to do it right, since most of it will be frozen in parchment wraps.
Hence the title of the post ;)  Making bacon is easy.  Before you graduate to doing hang cures and pancettas, give your hand a try at some quick cures, salt box methods, smokes, etc.  It'll give you a better grasp of what is happening during the curing/drying process.  Which book did you pick up?  FYI.  Talin has awesome small chunks of skin on pork belly.  The 99  has decent stuff too, but you have to go into that store.  Also, if you ask nicely, the kind folks at The Alpine Sausage Kitchen *might* have some whole belly to part with.  Other than that, check the carnicerias in the area if you want belly and don't have access to restaurant wholesalers.
Fresh fettuccine carbonara with Hatch Green Chile panchetta and local peas
I don't want to over complicate anything or try 15 different attempts to get these right.  Simply because I probably will never make these again.  There is so much just terrible BS online of what people call good, it is hard to sift.  I'm hoping someone can go *poof* here you go!
Pasta with pancetta, peas, parsley, and parm.
All I can say is I tried and would love to operate a truck in ABQ.  But they made it impossible for the most part.  This is just fucking stupid and it is unfortunate, because the good people of the city lose out.  And if any of you are curious, this is what I would love to be feed you folks...  http://imgur.com/a/BYZRe
Properly.
If you want to come out here and see "the magic of SF," you need to come at a different time of year.  Late summer when the markets are happening.  There are an additional 60K people coming and going week in and week out for a couple of months.  If you're into that kind of stuff, this is an awesome place to be.    However, since I speak the basic facts about the area, people tend to think I'm negative about it here.  Truth be told, I love it to a certain extent.  And I can't wait to move.  But if people ask for advice about moving here, unless you fall into a very specific category (read rich and white), the general attitude of those that have moved here is stay the fuck out.  Which is really sad, cause we all WANT it to be the magical place people talk about.  It just ceased being that about 20 years ago :(
Yeah.  I'm making another plate of that right now.  I hate myself sometimes, but it was just so damn good.
well of course!
This is probably one of the best articles on food I've read all year.  I know many of ya'll will disagree with me, but this is pretty much spot.  I think it is wonderful that other people are much more elegant and well spoken in telling the hispters to fuck off.  You make snacks for fucks sake.  A necessity for all.  Your job should not be some privilege you give specific people you like so they can jack off your ego.  One thing I would like to point out in all of this is what is lacking.  Which I think many might not notice.  It is hard to have a serious conversation about food, especially in the US, without mentioning Keller.  I hope ya'll note that and understand why.  Partly because he doesn't do a lot of that BS.  He cooks with fire.  Mainly though, the relevancy is simple food, cooked well.  With proper method and technique.  Trends and fads come and go.  I'm not saying you can't do it your way.  I just think it is silly to try and fix what ain't broke.
Cast iron grill pan and oil brushed bread.
Yes yes, I'm in Santa Fe.  I'm not originally from here and didn't get the whole chile thing when I moved here.  Thankfully, I'm a convert.  But fuck that red chile noise, that shit is weak yo!  Edit to add...  I'm happy to ship jars or seeds.  Just ask ;)
I'm in Santa Fe.  Drop a line if you're ever in the area.  If I'm available, I will be happy to make you a snack.
Thanks!  It was delicious.  But I seriously fucked up in making it.  You see, I only made one.  And that's a problem.  One sandwich is never enough.  I don't even think I want to eat anymore right now.  But here in an hour, I'm going to be cursing the sandwich and shaking my fist, since I will have no sandwich.  And I will be sad :(
more sweet cubano action...
Well.  Don't be a dick.  If you don't act like a dick and say dick things, you won't get treated like a dick.  Nor will you get told to go fuck yourself.  I tried investing in a slicer by offering you to purchase one for me.  And then you insult me.  You sir, are a dick and can go fuck yourself if that is how you are going to behave
I wish you could try my Hatch Green Chile Grilled Cheese (the GCGC)
red
another burger with fries...
yesterday's tacos