an
Got the ending where she sacrifices herself to stop the Frost. Can't believe I don't get to know how the other characters reacted and what happened to them....wondering if this is just a CDPR fuck up (maybe they ran out of time like suggested below?) or if there's something im missing? On the other hand, I feel like this is one of the morally 'better' endings, as Ciri is saving an entire planet.  Also, did anyone find the boss fight with Eredin/Other Wild Hunt General really really easy? Like each one of his hits only took away about 1/20th of my healthbar, and each of my Quen signs absorbed two of his hits. I'm 99% sure even the wild hunt dogs were doing more damage to me.  I was using full master ursine armor/sword, specc'd mostly into the red skill tree, at around lvl34.  I just can't imagine why they wouldn't tell us what happened to the other characters (in this and other endings).
Let others determine your worth and you're already lost, because no one wants people worth more than themselves.   Peter V. Brett, The Warded Man
If i'm understanding it right, you guys are (very basically) good at processing large ammounts of text and offering very specific insights into it? I'm curious about the split between machine learning and human intervention, if you could provide some more information on that? How advanced the machine learning is and where the human has to step in, for example.
The subreddit is empty. Read the message on the gate. Sounds like your experience has been jaded somehow, and I apologise on behalf of whoever did that. I sincerely hope you decide to try and get back in, as its a rewarding experience with good communities, whose requirements aren't nearly as bad as you make them out to be... i'm nearly 5 months in and i'm in pretty much every private tracker I want to be (music,games,movies,tv) Greetings.
WHAT'S SO FUNNY? WHATS SO FUCKING FUNNY!?!!?!
You almost qualify for a bB interview: /r/baconbits read the message. From there you only have to get elite for an invite to WCD, or you could get into Waffles by being power user (takes pretty much no effort) which is #2 to WCD.
"So I hear you're looking for a cheap guardian-vexor?"
I mean, you keep claiming it's a myth, but 9/10 results on google say otherwise (http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Are+private+tracker+safe%3F). As well as anyone that's done 1 minute research on the subject. You haven't even posted a link or a screenshot of anyone saying that, and people agreeing with them.   Edit:  here's an article by the largest copyright and privacy website where they analyse the OP: https://torrentfreak.com/are-private-bittorrent-trackers-safe/ The only myth here is the one you're inventing, it's pretty hilarious you can't see that.
I mean, you're not wrong. Here, I even have proof autism is real: http://puu.sh/e3eHJ/01c44f7d9b.png  Edit: please mods don't delete this thread. this is gold.
Becuase they have to make other people feel bad to make themselves feel good. Welcome to reddit, where the circlejerk is too real.
The way he says that picture is photoshopped, and the whole conversation, leads me to believe he's a troll. I just can't believe someone can be that dumb.
I've played with the worst of players in League of Legends, this is much much worse, simply because people can completely destroy your EvE experience, and you cant just leave a game like you can in League and forget about it.   The 'bonus room' was a 'service' created by a scammer. Once he scammed someone he would have them go into his teamspeak and make them degrade themselves IRL, or completely devalue their character (imagine making someone lose rating from diamond to bronze), just so they could get their assetts and money back (he still wouldn't give it back 9/10 times). He and his buddies were eventually permanently banned from EvE.  http://jestertrek.blogspot.co.uk/2014/03/the-bonus-round.html  There really isn't any permanence of meeting a troll in league, apart from maybe losing some rating and 40 minutes of your time. In EvE, the scumbags can kill your ship which you've spent actual days farming for. To be fair, if you're smart about it you probably will only be scammed once, it's the people who are ignorant of what's encouraged (scamming) that get bit the worst.
Yeah i'm relatively new to the game, I don't think i'm in a position to suggest nerfs or buffs. If it was so easy that I could suggest something (or even you, having used them extensively) to 'fix' it then CCP would have done it already.  Granted too most of the bitching i've heard is either from reddit or corp mates, i've never actually flown one. I can see however why they're considered OP.
shieeet, thats one blingy caracal.
You should take out those pictures of the GM conversation, pretty sure that's against the rules. Not sure what that GM's on about either. At least from my interpretation Rule 7 just states that you can't *list* items for sale, not that you have to return them if the owner forgets them. The FAQ pretty clearly states you lose those items afterwards. I could be missing something, however, and this is just my uninformed opinion.  Edit: I see how you could interpret that rule to mean that you're not allowed to leave any assets in the character, this does however seem to contradict that FAQ.
Is this just a badly hidden advertisement for your characters? I don't get the joke, sorry.
What was the name of your ship?
I caught the video pretty early, and there were not many comments. I saw someone posted a VOD, refreshed a minute later and the comments were gone.
"A first, and explicably final, step to failure..." - Anonymous [1920x1080] [OC]
He said it wasn't about the money. He's been a mobile app/game develper for the last 10 years, and he only went part time for the past year~. He said it was more about time he can give to his family and so that he can be more devoted to his work because that's his passion too. I'd wait for the youtube video tbh.
already happened, rip me, and lol at you editing out the ship names. glad to know i'm not the only one who thinks they're shit.
TotalBiscuit's take on Ubisoft's response to the new Watch_Dogs graphics
It's amazing how relatable this is. If you've ever made something, you'll see someone say it's shit, but know that you've just done something wrong, and that the concept is still strong. You'll know that next time you can do it again, but better.
Just wanted to point out your description of airstone, made me laugh because it reads like one of those infomercials (/r/hailcorporate?).  We used airstone for the patio.  It's great because it is 75% less weight than real stone, so you don't need to build any footers, yet it still looks and feels like real stone.  It's cheaper than real stone, you can only get it at Lowe's.  It's best to cut it with a hack saw, but you could also use a band saw if needed.  No need for any mortar or mess, you simply apply it with any outdoor construction adhesive (we used locktite) and you're good to go!
Three points:  1.This post reeks of insecurity. No one that's remotely successful in real life feels the need to defend themselves in a 1500 word essay to a bunch of internet strangers, unless of course they're, in some way, invested in that community. Why take the time?  I really have no interest in this game or community anymore  Seriously? See my above point.    2.You still haven't apologized for when you did flame him. No 'sorry', no 'I guess I did something bad'. In fact, you completely avoid the matter of reconciliation and just say that the fact that you've stopped is enough. Seriously, WTF? Anyone with basic reasoning skills can see the absurdity of this.  3.The fact that you just deleted the comment you got called out on (http://i.imgur.com/rnYE344.png) means we can't trust your comment history, or your claims of not flaming him in 6 months.You even reply to that comment not with a humble or an apologetic tone, but with the words "Haha I forgot about that". Seriously? Is this how a person who works "full time in a STEM field" acts? Although TBH doing tech support is working in a STEM field too, I guess.
Hate to break it to you but what the other people in this thread said was true. Apart from there being discreet similarities the games are really nothing alike. I guess if you ran a guild the managment skills would be comparable but even then it's pushing it.  If you're completely new to the game: do the tutorials, do the sisters of eve quest line. Look at this website: http://swiftandbitter.com/eve/wtd/ and find out what you want to do. Join a corp for it. Get better at it, and above all have fun.
I see, thanks.
Cool,cheers for the answer.
"You don't look out there for God..." - Alan Watts [1920x1080] [OC]
The Olympic shooting rifles look like something out of Borderlands
OP tells us about his cat