Wired Money 2015 - Andreas M Antonopoulos - Bitcoin is the real disruptor
First Look Media, Publisher of The Intercept, Announces Matching Fund Donation to Chelsea Manning's Legal Defense
The Latest Snowden Leak Is Devastating to NSA Defenders - The agency collected and stored intimate chats, photos, and emails belonging to innocent Americansand secured them so poorly that reporters can now browse them at will.
Cameron's desire to undermine encryption is dangerous for the privacy and security of everyone, especially those in the UK that Cameron is supposed to be helping to protect, because lots of people really do need "safe spaces in which to communicate."
Human rights group, Amnesty International, denounces revelation as outrageous after Investigatory Powers Tribunal says its communications have been illegally retained
Robot kills worker at Volkswagen plant in Germany
EU cripples Net-Neutrality by proposing fast-lanes
My problem with it is that it claims to be one of the most secure apps, yet it doesn't even provide end-to-end encryption by default. It leaves it to the user to enable it. Therefore for 99% of people or cases, it not's a privacy/security tool. It's just like any other IM app with HTTPS encryption.
New WikiLeaks Documents Reveal NSA Spied on Top French Companies
Which is great. But make it fully opt-in so users who "want that potential" can choose to enable it. Don't enable it for all unaware users.  It doesn't matter if it's "just an algorithm". That data will be stored on Google's servers so either hackers or abusive governments around the world can get that data.  You know how the OPM hacked happened? That could happen to Google, too (and in fact it *has happened* - [NSA hacked Google](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-24751821)).
Microsoft quietly pushes 18 new trusted root certificates
I agree for the same reasons. It's so much easier to "make it" in the US, because the market is almost completely homogeneous, making it "easy" to sell products for millions of dollars, and for the same reason to get investments of millions of dollars in your startup. It's a zillion times harder to do the same "in Europe", because Europe is so fragmented, and English not being an official (at least second) language hinders things as well.
So? That doesn't explain why the subsidies weren't cut let's say 10 or 20 years later. Subsidies should only be used in the early years of a new technology or industry to give that industry a "boost". Otherwise you could also make the argument that renewable energy should get subsidies for 100 years as well, until we're all using 100% renewable energy (which seems to be the rather weak goal of the G7 countries right now).  Yet, in countries like Germany subsidies for renewables were already cut after about 5 years only, and in the US they are about to go down from 30% to 10% in a year and I think completely gone by 2020.  The problem with leaving subsidies for much longer than 10 years or so is that the industry gets accustomed to that money from the government and doesn't invest in increasing efficiency as much as it should when they are forced by the market to drop prices below a certain price level. Or they simply pocket that difference in profit.   The oil companies are some of the richest companies on Earth and have been for their entire lifetimes, yet somehow we *still* need to subsidize them - why?! Do you really thin that if their subsidies were cut, they *wouldn't* bring down their prices and cut into their own profits? Of course they would. Because if they keep prices at say $6 per gallon instead of $4, then many more people would be interested in buying an electric car.
The Online Privacy Lie Is Unraveling - A new report asserts that a large majority of web users are not at all happy to trade privacy in exchange for benefits like discounts, but rather feel powerless to stop their data being harvested and used by marketers.
This happens all the time too - I mean those connected to the NSA for instance, leaking classified information to the media that makes the NSA or the government *look good*. But somehow nobody is calling for *those* people to be put for "endangering national security" in prison or even assassinated for leaking the data.  I think it's even emerging as some kind of litmus test. Are those in the media trying to discredit the personality of the leaker and call for his assassination or arrest? Then it must be great leak for the population. If not, then the government probably had a hand in it and is trying to manipulate us through that leak.
Microsoft recently removed a Bitlocker feature that makes physical attacks against the default AES-CBC encryption much easier. The company also 'doesn't consider building methods to bypass their security in order to comply with legitimate legal requests backdoors.'
The machine can kill many more and it's tireless.  It's the same argument of targeted spying vs mass automated spying.  By the way, mass automated spying is very ineffective at catching terrorists, because there are [too many false positives](https://www.schneier.com/essays/archives/2005/03/why_data_mining_wont.html) - just like there would be with automated killing machines. Except in their cases, "false positives" means killing orders of magnitude more innocents than guilty.
Many people, especially in poorer countries are getting *first* familiarized with Android and may not even know what Windows is until many years later (if ever). It would be very smart of Google to take advantage of that by "upselling" them to Android laptops, too with an interface that makes sense for the desktop of course.   Too many people think that Android has to look *just like on the phone* on the desktop - and then they inevitably think "Android on desktop would suck!". That's not true. The interface can (and should) be optimized for the desktop.   Android on the desktop may not be as "feature rich" as Windows, but if people like Chrome OS, then Android on the destop could be "Chrome OS on steroids".   Also, Android should have another *major* advantage over Windows: touch optimized apps. If people are first introduced to "touch apps", then they will want to use touch apps *in all situations*. Android laptops would make that a very natural progression.
Obama Administration Files Totally Clueless Argument Concerning Software Copyrights In Supreme Court Case
Yeah, I've seen "I, Robot", too. That one doesn't end well, either.
So if Microsoft quietely admitting Windows Phone is dead? Why doesn't it just come out and say it, rather than play this "oh WP is totally alive, we're just going to put 10x more resources on the other 2 platforms - that's all".  WP users should be the most upset about that, as they'll be lied for years more by Microsoft that the company will totally continue to support the platform, while in reality it will focus more on Android and iOS and starve Windows Phone/Mobile of development resources, until it goes out with a whimper rather than a bang.  I just feel it's very dishonest and unfair to do that to current *and future* Windows mobile users by misleading them this way.
Not really. Intel is not competitive on a "performance per price" metric. Not even close. The only way it has been able to *look* like it's competitive on that metric so far is because it would heavily subsidize its chips with profits from the PC chip business.  Now they've said they won't do that anymore, but it will be hard to verify since they've just unified the 2 divisions (mobile and PC). However, there was already an announcement that for the next version or something of the Zenfone 2, Asus would use a *lower performance* Snapdragon 615.   Why? Because Intel is not selling that Atom or its successor at the *same price level as the Snapdragon 615* as it's doing now. So if Intel raises its prices, Asus can't sell a "mid-range phone with a high-end chip" for $250 anymore. It will have to buy a mid-range chip for a *real* price, not a subsidized one.  And if Intel has to compete with other high-end chips in high-end phones with real prices, it loses, because high-end Arm chips like the Snapdragon 820 for instance will have better performance for *half the price* of a high-end Atom (Cherrywell or whatever they are calling the new one).
Senate Blocks Patriot Act Extension - But "the Senate would return from its break on Sunday, May 31, just a few hours before the midnight deadline" for the Patriot Act expiration - Keep up the pressure and call your Senators at fight215.org
In other words they are preparing for the mass surveillance showdown. Privacy is a human right and the ECHR is likely to rule against the legality of mass surveillance in the UK. The UK Courts have already largely sided with the spying apparatus.  Also the Tories are preparing to reintroduce the Snooper's Charter. Theresa May has already announced it.
Yes, it's exactly like that. Google backs up your conversations by default. If you haven't enabled "off the record" chat, you should be able to see that for yourself. All your conversations can go back well into the past. Google has access to all of those.  But now you might think "oh - so I just enable Off the Record chat and myself and Google can't see the past messages anymore!"  Wrong! You won't be able to see them, but Google still saves them....(Why the hell Google would do that? The hell do I know - but they do).
Maybe. Possibly. Who really knows. Whatsapp has never publicly stated they do that, never changed their privacy policy to adopt that, and there's no visible change in the UI that shows (or guarantees) you you're using end-to-end encryption.  http://www.heise.de/ct/artikel/Keeping-Tabs-on-WhatsApp-s-Encryption-2630361.html  In other words, you shouldn't trust that yet. Just use TextSecure (the integrated Signal version with Voice should come real soon.)  EDIT: By the way, I see some people are genuinely surprised that Hangouts is *not* end-to-end encrypted (you shouldn't be - you should've assumed that *by default*, otherwise you would've learned about it), but just to make things clearer for everyone **Skype also doesn't use end-to-end encryption**.  In fact Microsoft specifically killed its P2P capability to make Skype more wiretappable. Also Microsoft has either outright *lied* or avoided saying it has changed its architecture like this - so much that even one week before the Snowden revelations, the New York Times was recommending Skype as "secure for activists" (which became a laughable fact post-Snowden).  http://www.theregister.co.uk/2009/02/12/nsa_offers_billions_for_skype_pwnage/  http://www.computerworld.com/article/2509604/data-privacy/microsoft-seeks-patent-for-spy-tech-for-skype.html  http://www.extremetech.com/computing/132935-microsoft-tweaking-skype-to-facilitate-wiretapping  http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2013/07/nsa-taps-skype-chats-newly-published-snowden-leaks-confirm/
We'll probably see such a car by 2022, even from Tesla. But there will be others who will probably launch one sooner (such as Nissan).   The batteries make a big proportion of a cheaper car's cost. By then EV technology should be more mature, at bigger scales (cheaper), and Tesla will probably have several Gigafactories online (not to mention Samsung LG becoming a lot more aggressive with their own battery businesses too). I expect batteries to drop in price by 75% or so by 2022, so it should be possible to have even a $15,000 car with a 100 mile range, or a $20,000 one with a 200 mile range.
EFF's opinion on it (they don't like it in full, but they ultimately think it's a step forward and recommend Congress to vote YES on it):  https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2015/04/new-usa-freedom-act-step-right-direction-more-must-be-done  My biggest worry is that we'll pass this and everyone will be like "WE DID IT REDDIT! WE DID IT!!", as if we achieved some grand thing and now NSA's mass spying is over, and then they'll have zero interest in pursuing future such bills anymore.  At best this *scales back* on the 215 section of the Patriot Act. An improvement for sure, but the NSA has dozens other spying programs, including some more major ones such as the FISA Amendments Act, section 702, the EO 12333, the new "cyber threat sharing" laws which will most likely pass because "OMG CYBERWAR IS COMING and we need this bill because...I don't know - *probably* helps?!"  Then there are stingrays which the FBI *knows* are illegal and try to hide them from Courts, and who knows how many other such things which aren't even coded into the law like stuff in the Patriot Act was.  Think of "winning against mass and abusive spying" like a "meter" we need to fill. If we pass this one, we've maybe filled the meter 5%. We still have a long way to go to fill it completely.
Ever since Apple made all the new deals with China recently, I don't think they'll be too quick to fix such "bugs" (except the ones that get very public of course, but who knows how many like these they find themselves and then ignore until some 3rd party researcher finds them and then Apple is forced to act).   Apple also shares these bugs with DHS/NSA now so they have yet another incentive not to disclose them until someone else makes them public. Microsoft does the same by the way (and has been doing it for [years](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2013-06-14/u-s-agencies-said-to-swap-data-with-thousands-of-firms), actually).
Gresit. Ar fi "pus in pericol viata politistului" si l-ar fi impuscat direct in cap probabil - de 2 ori sa fie sigur (si ca sa nu il dea in judecata daca scapa - I'm not even joking, this actually happens).  In SUA politistii cred ca le "pui viata in pericol" si daca vii cu mainile in buzunar de la 20m spre ei. Au impuscat si copii in parcuri pe ideea asta.
I don't think it's about these documents per se. It's about the culture the government has now, that it should hide as much as possible from the public, and always try to skirt the law through loopholes.  In this case they must be thinking "Sure, we don't really care about these documents, but if we let them see it, they'll just come back and ask for other more recent documents, and we don't want that to happen!"
Samsung built its chip on 14nm FinFET, Qualcomm on 20nm planar. That could explain it.  I'm interested to see the thermal profile, though. I'm getting tired of seeing chips win in 5-minute benchmarks, only to see devices get hot when using them for more than 5 minutes at a time.