Battlestar Galactica.
Ugh, I hadn't noticed how Pearl's just *clutching* her stomach. The SU crew really know how to animate those bodily cues.
Love it, we had Sardonyx, then we had a Garnet ep, an Amethyst ep, and a Pearl ep. Looks like the team is ready to get back together tomorrow!  *And they will go through hell.*
Woo! Congrats as well!
and try to keep my own to a minimum. I'm kind of a dick and I'm alright with that  Hmm - Fry Face.
yes.
They don't, IIRC from a competitive food eating book I read years ago. One said the only time she ever puked was due to food poisoning.
I've been using the undergrad rates as a rough guideline for lack of better information.  Don't, it's useless. You won't find any of that info online. It depends on how many and which advisors may be looking for new students which depends on how well funded they are recently and also the preferences of labs and programs for cohort size and various departmental and institutional factors and also how well-known the institution and more importantly the program are and also how popular a particular field is at the moment. Sometimes programs are looking to expand, sometimes they have had recent hires who need grad students, sometimes they've had a change in chair or director of graduate studies, sometimes they're being squeezed by administration, sometimes they've had faculty who've left, sometimes they want to make up for low matriculation in the previous year, sometimes they want to make fewer offers because matriculation the previous year was high. The variance is large.
Half the Cylons.
Meh, don't lose your head over this.
Same, episode 1 did nothing for me until I revisited it later. Episode 2 was when we really got an idea of the *heart* of the show and the feeling that this show is gonna be different from other shows: we get Greg's relationship with Steven, the first hints of Rose Quartz in terms of her relationship to the characters on the show, a fight that was (unlike Cookie Cat) really showed that the show isn't another monster-of-the-week show, and it does so by the juxtaposition with one of the better songs which happens to a *love* song. The moment that got me was the wonderful animation of the oscillating telephone lines under the influence of the Red Eye's gravity as Let Me Drive My Van is playing and that *lighting and color pallette*. Sucker for smooth animation.
Which if you think about it is quite counterproductive. It's economically efficient for multiple generations to live in the same household, particularly when it comes to supporting the elderly. Yet our independent attitudes have pushed families towards basically "sub-nuclear" families, for a lack of a better word. The single-person and couple-with-no-kids households are the most rapidly growing types of households. Which is great from an individual level (people shouldn't be pressured to have kids, especially women), but terrible at the societal level in terms of, because given that they have no support from working children, how are we as a society supposed to fulfill our promise of social security which they payed into by working for many decades, when the relative proportion of young working people supporting social security programs is declining?
In developed nations, *population decline and aging*. Most developed countries are already near or at replacement level fertility (2.1 children per women), and European countries like Italy plus Japan are far below replacement level fertility. Developed countries like the U.S. are not shrinking pretty much only because of a high immigration rate. Combined with longer lifespans, this means we're gonna have very few working young people supporting a large population of old people, meaning, current social security programs will fail, and economies will suffer. This will become increasingly the case as underdeveloped nations catch up and eventually hit below replacement fertility (and for them, it will be exacerbated by their much more explosive population growth period, the 30-40 years of extremely high population growth in the recent past will hit them like a tidal wave worse than the stresses of baby boomer retirement on US social security).
I'm not saying there weren't better ways OP could have phrased the question. That said, I think given that OP had clear misconceptions, your original answer should have had more tact and depth than it had, and address both the flaw in the question and the likely underlying question that was intended. As it was, it was not a useful answer. It's kind of like when people ask "Does X or not X?" and people answer "Yes."
Your designer's an idiot for giving humans blind spots. Apparently she (or he) likes cephalopods more, because at least cephalopods have the retina on the side of the optic nerves that actually makes sense. Who the hell puts the cables in front of the screen? For all vertebrates, yet puts the cables behind the screen, as where they should be, for all cephalopods?
This is the closet thing I know of: http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2014/04/140402-suspended-animation-gunshot-victims-science-death/  Basically, there are medical trials for severe gunshot trauma victims to replace their blood with a cold saline solution in the ER to slow down metabolic damage, in order to give an extra hour or two for doctors to do "damage control". Then they put the blood back in and restart the heart. I don't know what has come out of the trials.  I don't think we'll ever have cryosleep for deep space exploration. It's far easier to send the raw materials and create a human at the other end. Or send robots.
ELI4
No...
Uh, except that the "thrifty gene hypothesis" has been criticized and simply does not have much support in the literature, and your second paragraph sounds overly adaptationist without supporting evidence (which I think is still a big problem with evolutionary psychology as a discipline). And, it's not a "caveman" adaptation: we know hunter-gatherers were/are less prone to famine than agriculturalists, which is contrary to your explanation. Moreover, I don't buy your explanation because it lacks a conceptual link between the proximal causes (physiological, neurological, hormonal) and the ultimate (evolutionary) causes of exercise fatigue. Lastly, it does not explain why endorphins are released during exercise at all--if your explanation was correct, then there would be selective forces against endorphin release during exercise. Edit: Also, I bet other mammals if not other vertebrates also experience both muscle fatigue and endorphin high, which is a real nail in your explanation's coffin, since these physiological responses must have predated modern humans by a long long time. It's also contrary to the high prevalence of play in many mammal species, which is an energetically expensive activity.  I'll offer an alternative hypothesis, based on WebMD. I think it's at least as plausible as your explanation, if not more so, though I'm not aware of the literature: http://www.webmd.com/depression/guide/exercise-depression  During prolonged aerobic exercise, your body may not get as much oxygen as it needs, and will supply some of your energetic needs through anaerobic respiration. This creates lactic acid, which causes fatigue and pain in your muscles, allowing you to consciously register that your body is reaching a point where it's not getting its oxygen needs. At the same time, exercise also releases endorphins (and other hormones), which act as both a painkiller and sedative to allow you to persist if you need to continue a flight-or-fight response. Once you stop exercising, your body removes lactic acid quickly but the endorphins persist for longer, leaving you with a post-exercise high. There's nothing adaptive about muscle fatigue (contrary to your thrifty-genotype explanation), it's instead a negative consequence (an evolutionary trade-off) of adapting to being able to switch to anaerobic lactic acid metabolism when your body requires extra energy; I'm not aware of the physiological pathways from exercise to endorphin release, but it is possible that endorphin release during exercise is adaptive as a painkiller Edit: Also, a reward for play. People who exercise regularly train both body and mind to adapt in favor of increasing O2 capacity, reducing lactic acid production, and mentally craving the endorphin high while also mentally resisting the feeling of pain; basically, acclimation and phenotypic plasticity.  tl;dr: The lie is not the fatigue. Your muscles truly are being taxed (which is simply a consequence of the limits of aerobic respiration). The lie is the painkilling and sedative effects of endorphin release allowing you to push your muscles past their limits so that you can consciously resist the truth of muscle fatigue (which is healthy given modern nutrition, but would not be if you were not replenishing your nutrient stores).
No one I know did. But it would be interesting to hear your perspective (well, more interesting for the OP).
Nicholas Cage.
Trying too hard bub. Like OP in the presence of all this framed glory.
Which is funny since they had shown Muhammed in full in a previous pre 9/11 season.
Mighty Morphin Power Rangers.
Wait, people don't split their home bathrooms by gender too? I thought *that* was the norm.
I don't think any of these other posters are addressing what it seems to you're actually asking, which is the statistical breakdown of biology into subdisciplines. The best proxy I have found for this is Academia.edu--when you search for research interests, it gives you a number for the how many other people have use the same keywords. These are self-identified research interest designations. I have no idea of the biases (for example, do they actually study what they self-identify as interested in; are shorter phrases more likely to be chosen; things like "environmental sustainability" and other interests that aren't necessarily indicative of research would be biased upwards), but I think it should be better than trying to get at the same info using Google Scholar Author search, and more representative and easier to get than the breakdown of all faculty or awarded PhD's in say the US.  Here's a sample of keywords:  Biology: 316575  Ecology: 185391  Biotechnology: 115764  Molecular Biology: 102286  Conservation Biology: 100316  Bioinformatics: 78557  Biochemistry: 75764  Environmental Science: 70252  Neuroscience: 58034  Genetics: 28931  Immunology: 23458  Epidemiology: 21650  Cancer: 20452  Evolution: 18903  Biogeography: 14544  Fish Biology: 15378  Marine Biology: 15228  Genomics: 13039  Cell Biology: 10457  Population Genetics: 7946  Behavioral Sciences: 7147  Computational Biology: 6887  Biophysics: 6331  Phylogenetics: 5272  Developmental Biology: 2337  Lumping in things like population genetics and phylogenetics with evolution, it does seem that compared to fields like ecology, molecular biology, biochemistry, and bioinformatics, and neuroscience, it's less commonly a central focus of people's research. But these are obviously skeptical statistics. Could it be that "evolution" is so obvious as an interest to biologists that people just don't list it--still, someone who primarily identifies as an "evolutionary biologist" would probably list it. Why is comp bio so much lower than bioinformatics, or cell bio so far behind molecular bio? Is ecology really that high? It's hard to make conclusions here, but I think this gives a good first approximation. The ratio of evolution/biology is about 6%, which is similar to your figure.  To speculate on why this might be the case, most of the big subdisciplines are very directly health related--remember that the NIH research budget is huge compared to the NSF. There's more money, and therefore more active research, in biology the relates to health and that which is profitable. Other keywords are large because they are recent buzzwords (bioinformatics, genomics). Ecology surprises me for being as large as it is--maybe it includes many who are only tangentionally interested in ecology and conservation because of the very present environmental threats, and due to environmental activism.
When we're talking about historical evolution on the timescales which scientists have never observed, talking about 10^2 to 10^9 time years, evolutionary history makes predictions about what we expect to see at all different levels, fossil morphology, contemporary morphology, organs, tissues, cells, biochemistry, and -omic data. These predictions have been correct again and again, and they tell a remarkably convergent story of the evolutionary history of life. There are some very fine details where there's still high uncertainty about the data, but there's no question about the broad (or even most of the medium and small) strokes, nor any question about whether evolution happens. Not to mention, the process of evolution by natural selection *must* happen, it's a statistical consequence which can be confirmed by both mathematical and computational arguments. As Dobzhansky once said "nothing in biology makes sense except in the light of evolution" (something like that).
My opinion is that while the calculus track should be offered for people who intend to go into STEM fields, *everyone* should be *required* to take a prob stats course in HS. For the vast majority of people, it is far far more useful subject, and a far more useful subject for society for people to be educated about.  The other subject that needs a complete rehaul is geometry. It's often used as an introduction to "proofs" but is so far removed from the kind of proof thinking that a mathematician, or physicist, or even engineer would think of proofs. It's completely boring, have no context, somehow made repetitive (the whole point of mathematical arguments is to *avoid* repetition of ideas by abstractions that capture general relationships), and Euclid would shoot himself if he saw it. It sucks, because it was one of my least favorite subjects in school, yet one of my favorite subject in math competitions. Algebra through Calculus are *okay* I guess.
Fight Club
That's kinda unfair, she learns the ability to see remotely, and that she that her energybending powers is basically limitless.  I will admit I am disappointed we didn't get to see the fire nation, but it's whatever.
Dude. Not the time. (But yes).
[B4E10] Analysis of Book 4 thus far and predictions   Korra: Confronting Zaheer was her last step in self-healing. Now she is both physically and mentally prepared to face her foil, Kuvira, who unfortunately is now at her most dangerous. Zaheer believes completely in Korra's "limitless" potential. I find this intriguing. Either he's saying, Korra, the avatar really is important and you can and will do your job very well (acknowledging his own futility in trying to remove her from the world). Or foreshadows a final growth in power Korra will achieve in response to the superweapon threat--though I hope it's not a deus ex.  Kuvira: Now controls all of the Earth Empire--she values unity and security for her country. Her goal is probably Republic City--I mostly base this off the foreshadowing from the world leader meeting, the pieces (both the United Republic and Fire Nation forces) are on the border. Her actions towards her endgame include creating a spirit weapon, but also acquiring large amounts of metal--Yi was said to have "ore", ZaoFu's dome has been dismantled, a fact Opal references in the sneak peak. What could she possibly want with all the metal? Is the answer as mundane as just supplying her army (I don't think the writers would have mentioned it so many times if it wasn't important), or does the metal itself have a bigger role in... combining with the superweapon... or somehow advancing her endgame. *Maybe a giant ass mech or airship with a spirit laser* (death staresque). Big question, will she die? I say no. If Korra's potential is truly limitless, she'll be able to end things without taking a life. This would also parallel the ATLA finale. Most likely she's captured, or she takes her own life, but Korra won't kill her. Also, we have yet to see her POW camps, which we now know from the sneak peak to be where the Beifongs are captured. but it looks like   Toph, Opal, Bolin, and Lin are on that.  Asami: Is working with Varrick on a plan to stop Kuvira's superweapon. If Raiko could pick one other genius to help, it would have to be Hiroshi Sato. Is Hiroshi's role this book just to reconcile Asami's relationship, or is there more to that arc? It's possible that he will be offered a path to redemption in helping stop Kuvira, which will close Asami's main arc, that of her relationship with her father, that has been present since book 1. Asami was underdeveloped last book, so it makes sense to give her a small final closing arc.  Bolin and Mako: Bolin's arc this season was learning he was an idiot for following Kuvira, and the path is now open for him regaining Opal's love. His endgame seems to be that he'll succeed, no surprise there. Mako's an interesting case. I will say Bryke redeemed his character a lot in Book 3, and it doesn't seem they have set him up for much in the way of a character developing arc. Either he stays with Wu (unlikely) or he goes back to being a detective. Other than his current employment, he seems to be at his final destination. He participates in the final confrontation somehow, though at Wu's side, unfortunately.  Wu: Comedy relief, hasn't really grown as a character in NINE episodes. There's some hints (scene at Little Ba Sing Se) that he may learn to become a good leader of his people, but I just can't see him right now being the Earth Empire endgame. That said, Bryke have been known to utilize quite sudden character shifts, and why else would he be a character. On the other hand, he may exist by necessity of the Earth Kingdom needing a monarchial heir for Kuvira to usurp. He could really just be comedic bait and switch. I do find it unlikely that the Earth nation will revert to a Kingdom in the finale, too much has changed. That said, the Fire Nation is still a (now benevolent) monarchy, so I see a few possibilities for what will come out of the Earth Empire. 1) It becomes a (competent) monarchy with Wu as King. 2) A constitutional monarchy with a parliament. 3) A non-monarchy independent democratic nation. 4) Dissolve into independent states. 5) A confederacy of states. 6) Joins the United Republic (far fetched). The impending liberation of Zao Fu probably points at 2-5. Will Su take an active role in government? She has been and still is the only competent potential leader. Maybe in an advisorial role.  Varrick and Zhuli: Zhuli betrays Kuvira somehow, unknown. Or potentially, she backstabs Baltar Jr, likely since she's working with him now--though really, she should have done that before Baltar Jr. figured out how to weaponize the swamp. Varrick realizes his love for Zhuli. What exactly counts as a countermeasure to a superweapon anyways? Asami and Varrick don't exactly have many resources other than... their own spirit vines. Cold war?  Jinora: Hopefully not captured again. Reunion with Kai (where is that little scamp), who's main arc was last book.  Baltar Jr: Dies, hopefully. At least, won't be redeemed.  General Iroh will lead the United Forces in the final confrontation, small cameo. Izumi, Raiko, and Tenzin + Jinora will have their small roles leading their respective factions, but Korra will avert major conflict. I just don't think this book will get that dark, though it will get *worse* in about two episodes.  Kai, Ikki, Meelo, Rohan, Pema, Tonraq, Mako and Bolin's family, Desna, and Eska have had their small roles this season. Bumi and Kya will have a cameo in the epilogue. And Katara and Zuko will have a flirty moment (okay, I don't think we'll actually see them again). Toph will disappear back in the swamp after saying goodbye.