What book have you never been able to finish?   I've been reading The Lovely Bones by Alice Sebold off and on for over ten years. I've started it and put it down probably six times.  This last time I thought "okay, this is it, I'm going to finish this book if it's the last thing I do."  And then I hit the 15% mark and I just can't read it anymore. I'm not sure if it's the writing that's putting me off or what, I just can't ever come close to finishing it.   Does anyone else have a book like this, that you've been trying to read for years but just can't get through?
October Sky
Fast food places are the only places you'll have a chance. McDonald's might be more difficult, look into Dairy Queen, Wendy's -- smaller chains, or even just local restaurants.
District 9 I believe
Harvest time!  (At least in my house)
ChristianMingle.com.
I went into that movie completely blind, only saw the poster, no trailer or anything. Didn't even know the plot.  Walked out with it being one of my all time favorites, and it still is. It's just so funny and heartbreaking. It has it all.
No Country for Old Men
You could have a sit down with her, say "look, we're both busy, I know shit gets crazy sometimes but we both need to do our fair share of the cleaning. If you're going to have a cat, you need to clean up after it".  If she doesn't get it and reverts back to what she normally does, I would just hold out until August and hang out in your room. If she asks why, say you don't want to smell like pee. Maybe she'll get the hint.  I was in a situation like this with two roommates, and one didn't have a job. She just let the house get so disgusting to the point where my boyfriend and I moved out and never spoke to them again, despite being good friends for 5 years. It's hard to be friends with someone when you realize how gross they are.  Some people are slobs and always will be. Your roommate might be one of those people.
You'll get used to it.
This old man was just BITCHING about Brother ink and the price of it one day. And I was like "yeah I'm sorry sir, I can check our competitors and see what kind of price match we can do for you". He got all uppity and said "where's the manager? I want to speak to him". I said "I am the manager sir"  His demeanor did like a 180. He got all calm and collected. Like what's the difference, I'm a fellow human, therefore you shouldn't treat me like shit. It doesn't matter what title I have.
Writing Trial Center Probz
19 year old brother - Blow, 22 year old brother - Scarface
Identity
Two Staples in my district are closing next month.
A Few Good Men
Primal Fear.
A shorter list would be what movies DON'T make me cry.  Most recently it was The Imitation Game. I think the movie that has made me cry the longest and hardest is The Cove.   I also cry every time I watch Sleepless in the Seattle when Tom Hanks says "we'd better go" and Meg Ryan is like "aw man, he isn't into me" and then he says "shall we?" and holds out his hand.
The Mist
The Family Stone.
There's Something Wrong With Aunt Diane
I think it really depends on your SSM and GM. My store has some absolute shit tech sales, so I say bring in whatever you can, but technically all existing computers should be brought in under diagnosis and repair.   I installed Office on a computer the other day. Was I going to charge this person $160 + the install SKU? Hell no. For any security issue I probably would, though.   So far I've told three people, two with viruses, how much the whole thing costs. Every single one looked at me like I was insane. It's rough, especially when you live in the poor part of town.
Make a sweater out of them and mail it to the home office.
The Butterfly Effect. Trainspotting. American Psycho.
Solution Builder is the easiest thing in the world to use. I feel weird now even using the register to ring up something than a color or black and white copy. Self serve SKUs do not count against you, my store uses them all the time and we have frequently been in the 99-100% range.  Here's a tip: Don't even bother with the whole "what's your first name, last name, blah blah". It's a waste. I make up all the information, print out the payment ticket, and then ask for their rewards information at the register. If they are a regular customer, sure I'll put in their rewards number at the kiosk, but for most people I just make up the information. It's so much faster and hasn't hurt my store in any way.  I don't know what counts against us more, conversion or DPT. I think it's conversion, which is why I don't give a fuck if someone wants one black and white copy. I'll ring it out. It looks better than someone who walked in without spending any money.  The express card thing makes no sense. Because you can't give someone an express card for 12 cents without ringing it out at the register. Which counts towards your DPT... soooo. And if grandma doesn't have a debit card and wants a copy of her social security letter, she's gonna get one from me. I'm not gonna make her get a card, put a dollar on it, haul her ass over to the self-serve copier, make the copy for her, then cash out her card and give her the remaining 88 cents.   Come on. That's just shitty customer service.  If you are BLATANTLY going against company policy, like saying fuck solution builder. Then yeah that's a reason to get fired. So just use it and you'll be fine.
Nope. My store doesn't drug test and I don't think any in my district do.
Definitely Interstellar.   Also excited for Gone Girl and Fury.
We both just got our asses handed to us by our GM. Our DM wanted someone to be held responsible (aka fired) but we were both to blame so it just got forgotten about.  Anytime some idiot cashier puts ink out without a box now I'm all over it. I found a $24.99 Epson 200 tricolor pack with no box earlier and I freaked haha, I don't think the paranoia will go away as long as I'm at Staples.
Awesome job!
I've been the full-time team supervisor since the position rolled out.  I like the position, tbh. I am consistently running around, probably doing the jobs of two people, and getting paid way too little. BUT, if I hated it, I wouldn't be there. My associates like me as a manager because I've never gone on ~power trips. BUT, my first part-time counterpart DID and everyone hated him. And I think that's probably common because normal people with lots of manager experience and a good work ethic don't really want to work for 11-12 dollars an hour.   As a whole, I think the position is a good idea at some stores (like mine, tier 4, 12-13 employees). At higher volume stores with more employees, I think eliminating the assistant position for two team supervisors is a stupid idea. It's just not enough.
32 cent raise.
I only get points from my GM, and I won some random contest for being recognized and got 20 points.  The CPC people at my store are drowning in points, it's ridiculous. I was talking to one guy and he was like "yeah I think I only have 450 right now".  I have 130 and I've never used any. But being a Team Supervisor doesn't really give me the opportunity to earn a lot -- I don't sell tech and I probably ring up 50 people a week.