I don't remember exactly what morning talk shows he was on, but I've seen at least 2 interviews where he talks about how difficult it was for him to film scenes without Paul and pretend he was still there and how he basically couldn't stop crying the whole time. He said it was the most difficult time he has ever been through. He didn't say anything overly negative, probably because he was still selling the film, but it was clear he really didn't enjoy pretending his friend was in scenes with him.   Maybe in a year or so everyone will be feeling better and want to make a new film, but it seemed pretty obvious that everyone was having a rough time continuing the film without Paul.
I've always liked Rosamund Pike, but I never knew she was capable of a performance as incredible as this
This game is a total bummer.   I'm not trying to be a troll or a hater or anything so sorry if this seems harsh, I'm just a disillusioned Sony/driving game fan.  Servers still aren't working so I can't really comment on the social club aspects, but after playing it all day I'm incredibly disappointed. Firstly, the graphics are amazing, so that's a plus. I also think the driving physics are fine. But it's so depressingly bare bones. And I don't just mean the PS Plus version.  Now, I wasn't expecting a big Forza Horizon style game at all, and I'm certainly not a Forza or Xbox fanboy just trying to bash the game. I knew this was a simple, small game with a clear direction. I was very excited for this game and was really hoping it'd be fun. Unfortunately after about five minutes of playing there's absolutely nothing new or fun to see.  The full game doesn't have a very big or varied car selection at all, no American or Japanese cars of any kind, only three game modes, only one of which is worth playing, no customization, no tuning, no worthwhile options or replayability to be found. You can't even go slightly off the road without a big timer threatening to reset you for some reason, the game slows down your car as a penalty if you so much as slightly cut a corner or hit the AI too many times, and the AI is pretty oblivious and sketchy so this happens a lot. The game just feels so small and restrictive and aggressively mediocre and boring. Just seems like a really basic stripped down simple game with nothing at all going for it aside from having nice visuals and the fact that Forza isn't on Playstation. Plus even the social stuff I don't yet have access to isn't exactly super exciting either.  Obviously going into this game I knew it wasn't going to have tonnes of depth or any customization or anything. I wasn't expecting a massive game and I don't want to put bodykits or anything on my car, but you can't even play around with ABS or traction control or even change the color of the stock car. The game is constantly restricting you and denying you and penalizing you. It's hard to believe a big budget retail game released in 2014, after a year long delay, could be this empty and pointless.  I know there's some updates coming after launch (after a whole goddamn year long delay) but I can't imagine I'd still be playing this game by then.  The game is very very pretty, and I do actually think the driving physics are okay, it could have and should have been good, but it's so incredibly boring and shallow and empty and lifeless. Even if the full version was free I don't know if I'd keep playing it. This game just brings absolutely nothing new or interesting or fun to the table. There are a million driving games on the market already and this game seems like a huge step down compared to pretty much all of them.
I really hope so. The cars that are in the game are all very nice, but it's such a small line up with very very little variety.
I'm pretty sure this is from a movie that came out this year where Robin Williams plays a guy with a terminal disease, so it's not THAT crazy
"It's BONKERS  weird, weird, weird," one person who saw the film told me. "It made me laugh out loud several times, but not in the ways you might expect. The humor is not so much 'Boogie Nights,' as I think a lot of people are expecting. For reals, it tips into, like, Zucker Bros.-level gags and broad humor."  PTA is one of my favorite directors working today, and I'm really looking forward to this film. But I really hope there's a trailer some time soon so I can figure out what the hell this movie is.
Alpha Dog!
Yeah I'm pretty sure he is powered entirely by his nuclear reactor heart, that's why he can live at the bottom of the ocean for decades without needing to eat or breathe.
I would go for the original 1954 Godzilla, then the 1984 Godzilla, and then maybe Godzilla 2000.  There are 3 distinct 'eras' of Godzilla, "Showa" starting with the 1954 original, "Hesei" starting with the 1984 Godzilla, and 'Millenium" starting with Godzilla 2000. Each era the timeline is 'rebooted' and starts fresh to be accessible for new viewers.  Godzilla vs Biollante, Godzilla vs Mothra (1992) Giant Monsters All Out Attack (my personal favorite) Tokyo S.O.S, and Godzilla vs Desotroyah are pretty highly regarded and very accessible and would probably be the best to watch before you start really getting deep into the weirdness that is the Godzilla franchise  Obviously this is leaving out a lot of the classics, (like Godzilla vs King Kong, Destroy All Monsters, Smog Monster, etc.) but I think starting on the older campier crazier Showa movies might be kinda jarring to modern viewers unfamiliar with Godzilla since they are pretty weird and cheap and out there, and aren't always easy to watch, and might need to be eased into after some more 'normal' Godzilla films.  You shouldn't really need to worry about any exact order or anything since most of the films are fairly stand alone so you can pretty much jump around as you wish.   James Rolfe (AVGN) has a fantastic little series that briefly sums up each Godzilla film and explains the different eras and styles [here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Avc4AS3AvcA list=PLAAD30B9523D89FAA), and I highly reccommend watching this first and then choosing your own order based on what appeals to you.
Godammit Ennis
Awesome, thank you.
Wow the hypetrain for this movie is insane!  http://www.slashfilm.com/early-buzz-gareth-evans-the-raid-2-sundance-2014/  There are some awesome twitter quotes there.  Also, apparently the movie had the be paused half way through because a dude passed out. Several other viewers took this opportunity to leave because the movie was too "intense" and "violent"
That's all I need to see to know I'm getting this day one.  Also, when's American Vampire coming back?
I don't know if the impression changed or anything later on because that part made me so uncomfortable I had to stop
The T-rex wasn't originally in the cargo hold.   It was in that big steel cage that was sitting on the deck of the boat. We see it in that cage after Roland tranquilized it when everyone is leaving the island by helicopter.  Then when Malcolm and Sarah get on the boat you can see that the cage is torn open. The T-rex broke out of the cage, killed a bunch of people, and then chased people into the cargo hold or something, and a dying crew member closed the cargo doors.  There was that one hand inside the captain's cabin holding on to the steering wheel, which was weird, but I guess maybe the T-Rex was able to stick his head through the door to eat that guy or something.
Definitely agree
Samuel L Jackson and Chris Penn were both in San Andreas. Michael Madsen was in 3.  Plus if you count movies that were just written by Tarantino and directed by someone else, you got Danny Trejo, Michael Rapaport, Tom Sizemore and Dennis Hopper
Mel Gibson looks like he's having a lot of fun. He might be a dick but I really like him as an actor.   Also the voice on the phone at the start really sounds like Clooney.
Neil Patrick Harris was in Saints Row 2. Seems like they're trying to bring back all the characters from previous games, like Ben King, old school Shaundi and whatever Keith David's character's name was
The first one is a brilliant and fun and hilarious cheesy old school action adventure movie. Honestly, I think reinventing a classic Universal horror icon in the style of a classic pulp adventure serial was a perfect idea. It felt like Doc Savage Meets The Mummy. It was going for the same tone and tongue in cheek reference-filled style as Indiana Jones, and I think it nailed it. It was purposely campy and self aware, but without being too goofy or jokey. I'm not the biggest fan of Brendan Fraser, but he was great, the movie was fun, great special effects, and some genuinely creepy moments. Not a masterpiece by any stretch of the imagination, but I absolutely loved it, and still do. Very much an under appreciated movie.   The second one sucked though. It's a shame that Stephen Sommers seemingly lost his self-aware campy style after this movie and went all ridiculous and terrible.
Dismantled a speeding train killing Ras. Drove his tumbler head first into a garbage truck killing the driver. Tackled Harvey off a ledge, killing him. Fired his bat plane machine guns into the cabin of a truck, killing Talia and the driver. Plus he ordered a bunch of hardly armed cops to run into a barricade of heavily armed mercenaries while he was safe in his jet, as opposed to taking his jet straight to the bomb with the anti-blow up device he gave to elderly Gordon to take care of. He also exploded an entire cliff side castle, killing the fake Ras and who knows how many other ninjas.
It was pretty much all plot set up and character introductions, and I was shocked that the monster was revealed so quickly with no real scary build up or anything, but what they're setting up seems cool and has lots of potential. Plus its only issue one, and it seemed like a really short issue one at that. Can't really judge it yet. Snyder is one of my favorite writers and I trust he has some crazy shit up his sleeve, so ill definitely be reading the whole thing.
That it won't eventually come out on next gen consoles. This game looks perfect to me, aside from the small graphical/technical issues that come with the game being a bit too ambitious for current gen. Things like rough textures, anti aliasing, frame rate drops and pop in are all something that we have to deal with in current gen open world games, and even though they don't ruin the game, it's a shame that it comes out so close to the release of a console that would fix those issues.  Plus I'm not sure how well they can plan to continue supporting the game with DLC and mutliplayer if everyone's off playing the new consoles.
I knew the city wouldn't be HUGE, and that the map is mostly countryside and whatnot, but this is still smaller than I was expecting.
Since everyone is posting rough mock ups of the map and the HUD, here's a whole bunch of them in one album (X-post from r/GrandTheftAutoV)
I don't know why you're being down voted. This is accurate. Plus at the end the entire League of Shadows is in Gotham, apparently infiltrating the police force and government, they all know Batman's identity, then at the end Batman kills Ducard and is like "Wellp, that should do it, problem solved!"  I love Batman Begins and Dark Knight, but they both have some significant holes.
Is this from something? Because its hilarious.
I am Australian and I have never seen of heard of this thing before. That's crazy
Yeah I understand real dinosaurs had feathers, but these are Jurassic Park specific dinosaurs, so I love that they're sticking to the classic design. It doesn't take much more than a quick throwaway line to explain it away through genetic engineering or whatever. I mean in real life raptors were like 4 feet tall, and I don't think anyone wants that.
Except the Wolverine character in the movies is not short at all. Wolverine in the comics is short. Wolverine in the movies is the exact same height as Hugh Jackman. In no other Xmen or Wolverine movies including this one has he been short. He is always just as tall, even taller, than all the other characters.
nope
[spoiler](/s "Kinda obvious. I thought Gary Mitchel fit better and was a more interesting, less well known character, but Kahn is still pretty cool. I thought it might be a bit early in the new franchise to have that character show up,") but if the movie is great then it doesn't really matter who the villain ends up being.