[WSIB] MMO that's not too graphic intensive   Preferably playable in mac and PC and f2p  games are also welcome. Was thinking about getting back into Ragnarok online private servers but I don't know how well that game holds up now.
Pc
That's it!! Thanks x]
Questions about MyUCSC and how they handle enrollment   So lets say you fail a class but within the enrollment period you sign up for a class in which the prerequisite was the class you failed.  Right now the portal shows the class to still be in my schedule, is that a glitch in the system? Would that class still be there when the next quarter rolls in?
But I had capital letters on mine :/
I bought a pretzel
I say just cover the game as a whole like what makes this particular smash different overall, make brief comparisons to other smash games it shares similarities to and maybe even game feel/speed/etc? I feel like you could do that for all iterations of smash games and give the newcomers who don't doesn't know the difference between each iteration a brief overview of what the composition of that particular smash game is. Not sure if I made sense there but hopefully you got the gist of it haha
9 volt playable character
I'm in c9 but I'm down as well. Just pm me
I can see
3
offering some humble bundle games for NA code
Help a Blind man out, NA code for a couple of steam games I'm willing to offer because I can't play cause I'm blind
codes? :D
ayyyyy lmao
SHIRT RIPPAH
In regards to the other characters as alternate costumes, you might be mistaking sakurai with the PMBR team.  At least I don't remember sakurai stating that.
tanks you
But the thing is snow also agreed she looked familiar
House is objective, home is subjective
Also went to that high school.  The fact that Snoop used to go there is one thing I like to brag to my friends about.      Fun fact: People usually don't give a damn when I mention it...
Sadly yes :/
Role play
Stinky hat
a hammer
Voltar, just because he's a support doesn't mean he's not capable of handling himself. Especially late game.  Getting this for my cousin
Guillermo del totally okay with that?
Any sports besides basketball goes up "Go Lakers!"
reddit + skyrim
I like elevator music
Only the finest of zerg cuisines.
So you're telling me that they just noticed the adopted part [in the wheatley arc?](/spoiler)  I'm sorry you parents are offended by the adopted part, but can I just say that they're a biiit slow? o_o  considering GLaDoS mentions it a bunch of times before