go away, idiot spammer.  reported.
Read more about domestic terrorism by hard rightwingers and miscellaneous spree shooters. What I stated about them is not remotely controversial among researchers and LEOs.  And although I wasn't talking about them, it's hardly a stretch to assert that these findings will prove useful in dealing with ISIS-recruited young American men given what we know about them.  Adding, we all "know" a lot of things about social psychology, but it takes studies producing consistent results over time to change norms and policies. It's not like the money for this even *could* be redirected, even if we were dealing with a zero sum budget, which we're not here.
I'd appreciate it if you could link me to some convincing evidence supporting your claim, as I am interested, especially if they've been covering it up.  I can't because this all came out in a series of posts over a couple of years to the Grand Canyon Hikers and Backpackers Yahoo group, which is great day to day but not very searchable. The one person who knows the most (because he's an MD who practiced at the Canyon) has been effectively silenced by threats of a defamation suit. But it's something to keep in mind.  Anyway, thank you for this post. You may have saved somebody's life, and certainly saved some folks' vacations.
I'm sorry for your loss, but that's not going to happen.   The vet most likely had a legal obligation to treat any rabid animal the way she did Jiggie, and you could offer no assurance that it couldn't possibly be rabies, because you had allowed Jiggie to run loose.   Some jurisdictions will allow a possibly rabid animal to live through a waiting period rather than kill it and dissect the brain (the only conclusive test), but even if your town allows this it won't matter because suing over veterinary care is something only a very wealthy person even *can* do.  The vet you went to lacks people skills, but suing won't change anything. Please just concentrate on remembering Jiggie at her strongest and best.
The Grand Canyon Panorama Project: River Trail Mile 0.4 (Highpoint above the Colorado)
They certainly don't belong here, in a reddit where the rules clearly state    Please do not submit news, especially not to start a debate. Submissions should be a great read above anything else.  OP, you even tried to pick a fight by changing the headline. Reddit isn't  in a "struggle to stay afloat" -- if you think so, you need to get outside the self-involved bubble of the relative handful of users shouting about this.
This is an interesting article, but it appears to have been lifted entirely from [this much more serious site](http://www.blackpast.org/aah/white-walter-f-1893-1955) and reposted on what's apparently a clickbait site, with the added insult that the "rewindingbalck.com" version actually *claims copyright* on the plagiarized text.  Thanks to the OP for posting -- but next time, may be you could check the source a bit more.
Please start by reading the reddit Guide to Columbus in the sidebar, and using the search function to find other threads about this (yours is at least the third one today!).  Then come back and tell us some relevant details, like how much you want to pay and whether you really need to be on the bus line, so people can help you in a meaningful way.
Two years ago next Thursday, Chief Justice John Roberts Said There Isn't Enough Racism In America To Justify The Voting Rights Act
Some things to keep in mind: there are multiple agencies involved in policing this event, not all of which are willing to meet with organizers in advance, not all of which have the same priorities about what to police. Big props are due to the CPD, who overall do a great job. Last year, there was miscommunication about how to close in the middle of a downpour, complicated by a rumor (untrue) that an officer had been attacked. That won't happen again.  Also, remember that most of these citations and arrests are for really egregious violations of state laws, and many are for illegal drinking. On the numbers *and* in the view of police, ComFest is consistently one of the safest major public events in Columbus.   Those who are seriously concerned about policing should come to the Solar Stage at 4:55 PM Saturday for a workshop on police accountability, featuring organizers of the campaign for a civilian review board along with several attorneys who have spent decades representing victims of police misconduct -- and a retired CPD officer with long experience at ComFest.
You clearly have no idea how much money and hard work the festival organization does in Goodale Park -- planting trees, flowers and grass; upgrading the electric grid; helping to pay for bike stands and the fountain, etc. The park wouldn't be half as nice if ComFest hadn't spent the last 34 years working on it. Ask Friends Of Goodale Park if they want it gone. Ask any of the business groups in the area if they want it gone.   Every year, the festival organizers have to get local residents to sign off on the permit -- and what that shows is that your opinion is in the tiny minority of whiners; most local residents love the fest.
I'm not objecting to the amount of punishment, but the *kind*: do you want to live in a society where judges can tell reporters to write articles to the judge's specification?   Journalists are watching this to see what the news org will do, and what the editor will do. Both *should* refuse this sentence, but the editor in question is a widely-despised hack and will probably cave.   I have no idea what an appropriate conventional sentence would be. The guy violated a very clear court order, in an egregious manner. And this wasn't for any reason of high principle, just the reflexive race to get a scoop. What do you think?
I'm unsure why this post has attracted no attention here -- it's an amazing story. Could it have been removed by mods because of my previous comment about the editor in question, Larry Henry? Well, just in case, here's [one tiny piece of his backstory](http://jimromenesko.com/2014/03/26/letter-arkansas-tv-newsman/) that only hints at why everybody who has ever worked for him thinks he's a hack (at best).
Arkansas TV editor found in contempt for Tweeting verdict from courtroom; Judge sentences him to publish a publish a public service article in lieu of a fine or jail time
[This should help.](http://i.imgur.com/bW3thR2.jpg)
Yeah ... no. There's a reason why the leaders of the New Left summed up the main error of 60s and 70s as having believed *that* was "a revolutionary moment". Until there is a unified movement capable of both strategic planning and logistical resilience, the only thing going on here is temptation to take shortcuts.  There is a real danger in this moment from the agitators on the left and the right who wrongly think that it's enough to "bring chaos", after which everything will sort itself out. Such a scenario would default to the right, but probably not the way some of them assume. Preventing that is probably the most urgent task; leading a revolution is rather more than the left can do, especially in the US.
by itself all day sitting in it's own piss. I'd qualify laying in your own piss as won't move.   Okay. You didn't make that clear before.  But when you say it can't be solved within the family, I have to ask if the rest of you -- starting with whoever took the dog to a vet before -- can't do a *collective* intervention. This would have the effect of spreading around the responsibility, and might even make family relations go better in the long run.
That is their job. they have to defend every single worker.  No it isn't, and no they don't. Not all complaints are legitimate greivances; the job of the union steward is to sort them out and decide whether/when to file a grievance.  The biggest problem workers have with unions is foot-dragging on filing and aggressively pursuing grievances. The most annoying problem for unions is members who don't bother to read the damn contract and thus either don't bother to seek redress or do so for ridiculous complaints.  Source: former local union officer and national union staff organizer.
I think this might be a PAC set up by Hillary or the Republican's backers (billionaires) to slander Bernie   No, it's just a ["political entrepreneur"](http://www.reddit.com/r/SandersForPresident/comments/37xffz/this_website_claims_to_be_a_bernie_sanders_super/crqlleo) who serially uses whatever issue he can raise money around to bolster his resume and, not so incidentally, pay himself as Treasurer.  It will be exactly as much of a problem as Sanders' supporters let it become. The way to avert that is to educate ourselves and teach others how this system works and why they should only contribute to the official campaign.
I do have a very good idea why I'm talking about, and I never denied the ongoing damage. But your claim the "the Indians forgot" is asinine. Try making that assertion in that in any Native community (even one of the reddit subs) and see how it is received.
...  a reporter is considering doing a brief news story that might negatively portray one of the sponsor companies and the company prefers they minimize coverage...  I don't know how much of a problem media corruption is...  The kind of corruption you cite is infinitely less common than you imagine. The vast majority of reporters and editors in serious news organizations are honest. The problems you see are primarily due to the model of journalism being practiced: a blind belief in "objectivity through balance" combined with a skewed agenda favoring what readers want to consume rather than what they need to know, all dialed up to 11 by the concentration of ownership that happened over the past twenty years. Investigative teams all over the country were disbanded and defunded as marketing experts convinced the new beancounters to chase reader/viewer eyeballs with increasingly salacious clickbait.  This isn't something that's going to be fixed anytime soon -- especially not by non-journalists after the main players have spent two decades trying to figure it out.  So focusing on this instead of on-the-ground organizing would be a serious mistake.
Wash your mouth out!  EDIT: OMG, you're speaking about a real possibility. I thought you were making a sick joke.
How nice for you that you had a good experience in a co-ed HS, just like millions of other girls. Now please stop attributing to me the ideas you want to argue against. Apparently, "YMMV" went right over your head.  I never suggested you "suffered'. The schools I spoke about are not the caricature you posit but (as I said) rigorously academic prep schools.   You have a chip on your shoulder about this that no amount of discussion will fix. You'll have to find someone else to argue with.
He loves you! My tiny calico used to bring home multiple snakes every spring, to the point where we had to put a sign on the inside of the front door cautioning everyone to beware of cats bearing snakes: if you didn't check before opening the door, she'd run right past you to deposit her "gift" in the middle of the LR floor. Once I took the same snake away from her multiple times, releasing it back into a ravine nearby, only to have her go find the damn thing and bring it back over and over.   And the thing is, kitties are so *proud* of the gifts they bring that it's hard to get really mad at them for doing what they're born to do.
Why The Nation Is Suing the Federal Government: The NSA is monitoring almost all of our international communications. This is a fundamental violation of First and Fourth Amendment rights.
Welcome to Ohio State, Where Everything Is for Sale
Trial court allows police to use "Glomar" response to deny records requests
Lucrative Grand Canyon contract up for bid again in a process that will bring changes affecting the millions of people who visit the landmark each year
Arizona Man Busted For Organizing 300-Hiker Rim-to-Rim Crossing Of Grand Canyon National Park
The Best Fucking Band In The Land
Daily Kos Will Boycott Next Year's "Netroots Nation" Conference in Arizona
This Day in Labor History, May 8, 1970: In the so-called "Hard Hat Riot", unionized construction workers attacked an anti-war march in the wake of the Kent State shooting a few days before