Hmmm very possibly. I've seen it on a few videos, but it is possible they were all BBC.  I'll check again tonight. Appreciate your response.
You're just as in the clear for clusters as for being hit by lightning.  Life is short, go live it.
Lund
This brought me to tears.  It's familiar, but only in a way.  I do know how tough it is. It's like a death, a death that keeps dying every day.  I hope you find happiness.
Vermonter checking in.
When "in season" (that's what I would call when I was having the stretch of time when I was getting them since they were seasonal) or during the chronic phase I was always tired. After an attack especially. If I had one during the day, which wasn't uncommon, I was a zombie for the remainder.  I wouldn't drink when I was in season, since alcohol is a trigger. Having a drink at lunch was a sure way to hell. Having a consistent sleep pattern was important, and even felt like if I exercised too much, or did anything that might through the pattern off (like a nap), the attacks were somehow worse.  Through some of this time I was married (divorced now), and my wife was very helpful. She would get ice for my head, massage my neck, whatever I needed. There were times when we had company and an attack came, and I would go hide for a while. I would emerge and say I wasn't feeling well, and probably seemed very off.  I've been very private about the headaches, very few people know about them (not even my parents or brother do), as I don't like bothering people with it. There's pros and cons to that. The attacks are ugly, it's not something I want anyone to see or worry about. But then, in season, I would go about life with what felt like a shadow following me, waiting to strike, and obviously no one would know what I was going through.  Not sure what else you might be looking for. Happy to help in any way I can, especially since I've wanted to get into film myself :)
Thanks!
First, take estibot with a grain if salt. It's only worth what someone would pay.  I would post it to sedo and see what offers you get. Decline offers if you want. Realize that it may be a while before you get an offer.  I recommend going to namebio.com to see how much similar domain names have sold for. This is one of the better ways to gauge value.  You could share the domain name here, it's not like anyone can take it from you.
That's how I feel too. We'll hover around 6-10 to 9-7, which means never getting the best QB in the draft. I don't follow college ball that closely, so I don't know how this class, or the next, is shaping up but Hickey better be paying attention.  Also very curious what Marino thinks at this point. He seemed high on Tannehill for a while, but after the past few games and now actually having an official role in the organization, I have to wonder what he thinks.
Interesting...I'll give that a shot
I'm a Vermont Dolphins fan!
I really appreciate everyone's feedback. I'm going to keep looking around as quality is important, but I'm really just interested in having some fun with it, so I want it to look fun to me...that may be "tacticool" but I'm still learning about all this.   Unfortunately I missed the memorial sale at Palmetto for the AR uppers (300). My intention was to get that and then a lower locally, but the uppers sold out.  Thanks again Redditors.
Not a lot of attractions but you'll find amazing local food, some of the world's best beers, winter sports, and generally friendly people in a clean and safe environment.   If you're into the movement to ficus locally (rather than chain restaurants, and mass produced everything) you'll fit in.  If you want Broadway, big city, national sports, long warm days, then you'll probably hate it.
Why is she even allowed to give medical advice? That's a big "no-no" and could get multiple people in trouble, including Tumblr.
Checks out.
I was high on Philbin. Now, not so much.  Total team collapse at the end of the season, and seemingly uninterested in addressing a series scandal head-on.  A year from now we'll be coach shopping since this guy can't lead.
That actually explains a bit what's going on here.
2 stars. Felt that the character development was lacking and the situation wasn't very believable.   For flash fiction the writer shows some promise and grammar aptitude, though the occasional caps lock wasn't really necessary.   I'll give the movie version a chance. I hear Tom Hanks will play the doctor, I like him.
Yep.
It's a great analogy, but you would want to sit down with the person and discuss why the goals were not met.  Context is lost on a lot of people. It's easy to point a finger, but there's more going on in reality. If you're going to lead an organization you better figure out what's really happening and not jump to "the GM is doing a lousy job".
Not a thing childish about my displeasure with the aforementioned Jets, dear lad.
I agree on some of those as possibilities, but we just don't know how they are in the locker room. And from what's happened recently, I wouldn't be surprised if Starks or Solia are already on Ireland's list to chop.   Someone needs to step the fuck up and kick some asses in line. Ideally that would be Tannehill but I don't know what his personality is like.
Micca MPLAY-HD 1080p - Riddit's Thoughts?   I want to get something to play digital movies I have on a hard drive on my TV (I've tried Plex through my blu-ray and for some reason it always craps out after about 45 minutes).  Any experience with the below? Other recommendations?  http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002XVBAKI/ref=s9_wish_gw_d98_g23_ir03?ie=UTF8 colid=3TQMIRNINX5I2 coliid=IOGBZQZWD5HFT pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER pf_rd_s=center-2 pf_rd_r=1XWC4QAXE16F4RCAR8MA pf_rd_t=101 pf_rd_p=1630072222 pf_rd_i=507846
There was one a couple of months ago, and yes it's allowed :)  I'm up for another.  This time I say we make a rule that no drifters with backpacks full of rotisserie chicken are allowed! Not that he wasn't a nice guy...
Congratulations, happy for you both.  BTW, can't unsee the placement of the exclamation point.
Pween, say it ain't so! You didn't seem that way in-person!
love it. crush brady. I know everyone wants secondary or OT, but a great pass rush can mask a weak secondary (though i'd say our secondary is slightly improved), and if we're quick to get rid of the ball our offense will be fine.  oh, and fuck the jets.
too bad, want to see it.
I have not tried that (wasn't slow from the "get-go"). Have you found that to be helpful?
Have you tried changing your aliases?
The Virgin Mary.
Old thread but thought I'd comment.   As someone with a lot of hours, it's a very strategic game that can be ruined by inexperienced players. I'm not a fan of kicking, however, if you don't communicate and try to follow instructions you probably will be kicked. But it does depend on who you are playing with. Tell people you are new and listening, they should give you a chance.