The other problem that Sanders has is he is getting no support from minorities (African Americans and Latinos).  As a Latino, I find it difficult that Sanders didnt say the word "Latino" until 4 weeks after he announced he was running.  I mean come on, if you are going to run for president as a "democrat" you should know who "democrats" actually are.
I agree with you on that.  I dont think he is a professional moderator though so it seemed like he didnt know what the hell to do either.
In all honesty, when I was 11 my mom and dad volunteered for the Clinton Campaign in 1991 in my home state of Texas.  My father and mother were hardcore Clinton fans and after he was elected, my family benefited from a booming economy just like everyone else.    I know Hillary isn't Bill.  You asked why Hillary over Barack?   The fact that she had more experience than he did in 2008 helped a lot.  If you remember, the only difference between Hillary and Barack we're was the vote and stance on Iraq.  I think the same goes for Bernie sanders.  If you look at what they stand for, it truly isn't that different.  I agree with everything Hillary stands for.  I don't consider myself a staunch liberal but more of a moderate.  I don't necessarily believe in everything Bernie stands for.  I think he is just liberal to get elected.    Now I do agree that having Bernie in the race will pull Hillary to the left a bit and I think that's ok but I just hope not too much.  It mays seem like I'm rambling but I have donated to the Hillary for America campaign and I have already volunteered too.  I live in Nevada.  A truly swing state that has voted for a democratic president the last two times and I will do everything in my power to help her win this state in 2016.
I just think that voting against the Brady Bill and voting against a bill to prohibit civil liability actions from being brought or continued against manufacturers which in essence prohibits individuals from filing a qualified civil liability action lawsuit (which takes the rights away from citizens going after gun companies in court) is "substance"  http://www.politico.com/story/2015/06/bernie-sanders-awkward-history-with-guns-in-america-119185.html
She had no D...I'm the one with the D
A goat and a ghost.
http://instagram.com/p/sL9DGRMFmG/  Fuck.  Looks like my Lola.
Hmm
I thought it was funny.
lucky for me I live in Nevada now where nothing is tacky.    http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Excalibur_Hotel_and_Casino

Either way it's cool but he looks ruff for 65.
Thanks for the gay thing (serious).
http://youtu.be/5n1ey6eEijw
Yes
The power of Christ compels you!
Penis
LMFAO.  This fucking made me lol crazy hard.  Not sure why.  I wasn't expecting this.
Though. Lol
Amen.
Thank u!!
Dude.  U don't think I wanna go and have one sip?   One lil bump?   Don't feel guilty.  Talk to someone.  Remember.  U aren't alone.
Lmao.
Damnit.  I missed this shit.  When u gonna jump ship and come over to Hakkasan?
It's happening already.  Reddit is becoming Facebook.
Racist post. Not all Latinos speak just Spanish.  We do know English u jerkoffs.
This was so fuvking long ago.  Who gives a shit.
I'm loving Star Wars more and more...(kidding.  Just kidding.  Don't wanna get reddit raped).
Obama snubs Putin!!!!! Screw Russia.
"Don't touch my food!!!" Six-Pound Yorkshire Terrier Scares Off Bear From Owner Deborah Epstein's Home (VIDEO)
Lmfao.  Everyone's good looking in this pic except u.  Lol. (And I mean because of the face ur makjng).
WARNING! Gruesome photo of dead bombing suspect Tamerlan tsarnaev dead from TMZ. #bostonbombing