I want one! Jurassic Park 4x4 car
Don't tell me what to do! #YOLO
Watch this 20-year-old legislator completely own the UK Parliament
You have a face that only a mother could love.
In English law a person: (a) intentionally penetrates the vagina, anus or mouth of another person with his penis, (b) that person does not consentu to the penetration, and (c) he does not reasonably believe that they have given consent.  Women can not rape as they don't have a penis but they can be done for sexual assault .
Police at London Pride
It's a dog's life
If I don't exercise I struggle to get to sleep at a normal time.
I am available tomorrow day or night but priory Widnes is too far away from the gym today I have literally nothing on today and list your firm contact us on the 5th of January
Kill off Fertile young attractive men.  So there is a need for a breeding program
House Bolton
This is Adam Buxton who used to do a great radio show with his school friend Joe Cornish (who directed Attack of the Block). It is worth a listen:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MTaCoEufViQ
Ral is now friends with Obama.  Vladimir has changed his relationship status.   Vladimir is now friends with Kim.
BBC Sport: Michael Garcia: Fifa investigator resigns in World Cup report row http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/football/30522170
"Hasta la vista, baby". To my Spanish girlfriend to prove my  linguistic prowess.
Like a fine wine. Better with age
Gillian Anderson not looking her best ever time I pause The Fall
I just listen to 30 seconds to Mars for the first time. Fucking terrible!
Manchester airport security fighting terror everyday
Because of course it would be a black guy robbing you!
You should judge people's worth by their time given to helping others. Not by the amount of wealth they obtain.
Private Mental Health Hospitals. Minimum standard of care for maximum profit.
Favorite Deep House Tracks Please
What language do you speak in Australia?
With the two penises man, double dick = double fun
I would pay them
Alien Dog
At first this really confused me as a Englishmen. Chips are fries??
"Bigger Heathrow would lead to Happy Days"
We use a strange mix of both systems. Buy petrol in litres but measure distance in miles. Also the Imperial system was created by the British Empire
Nothing
Just in case I die. 1-UP mushroom