Planned Parenthood Uses Partial-Birth Abortions to Sell Baby Parts
Yeah. But they know about condoms. Getting pregnant was just a trendy thing to do. Let's not sit here and pretend we don't both know that and cater to the bigotry of low expectations.
Nah, you're right.  I'm sure she was actually just making an artsy statement about the plight of obesity in America by licking a donut.  Or whatever line her PR people came up with for you.
She's a "musician".
Ariana Grande Says "I Hate Americans. I Hate America." After Appearing to Lick On-Display Donuts - Hollywood Reporter - The Hollywood Reporter
Ask him when he's feeling your mother!
Why? They do charity work independent of conversion. Should all charities lose their tax exempt statuses?
Ha! No problem. I didn't know it had that vibe and thought it was complex but not a connoisseur. I'm actually 40 so maybe I need to find something better. Trying to upgrade my life but things like t-shirts are so hard to stop buying.
My deductible wasn't high before ObamaCare came along. This was a treasure we go to unearth after the law went into effect! People aren't exactly upgrading their insurance. It's just the opposite. I'm now paying more for less coverage that Obama promised (lied) wouldn't change.
See that you guys? Only 50% of the people in the country - the people on this guy's team - care about the country.   The word hero gets thrown around a lot in this day and age but I think we can all agree that you and your political party are the real heroes here.
World economy heading for 'titanic' problem, analyst says
Here are some resources I've compiled for you.   http://lmgtfy.com/?q=Religion+vs+race  Until Islam completes its reformation, which we are currently in the middle of, it will not be a beneficial part of society in general.
"she's very sweet she loves to give kisses just stick your tongue in your mouth if you let her"  "it's not her fault for the family situation for the sickness and health problem"  Wut?
You're right again!  I feel terrible that this young man who killed and maimed so many people might have to spend the rest of his life in jail. He should be released so that he won't have to suffer that fate!
Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!
Iran endorses nuclear EMP attack on United States | WashingtonExaminer.com
https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-13RVBJAgMZ8/VLQeeBJF4QI/AAAAAAAAAsU/pwLWiRV38eo/w450-h214-no/tldr.gif  Nigga, I ain't readin' all that!
Caveat: YOU probably wouldn't be wondering why that happened the way it did but most rational, thinking people would.   His ridiculously weak statement was basically nothing.   Source: I was here.
And false too. Just wait until the FCC starts doling out permits based on specific types of speech like they do TV networks.  Nearly impossible to start a new news network but you could've still done it on the Internet, until today.
Wouldn't it make you retain a ton of water and look puffy?
You're going to have to help me out with woobs here.
Internet RIP - by Ron Paul
Riiiiight. You do realize that your favorite party will not always be the ones holding the reigns of power, right?   You traded your free Internet for Netflix to not have to pay for the 33% of bandwidth they are using.
Congresswoman: Democrats Rightly Blocked DHS Funding Bill
HA! That's great! Apparently the ONLY articles that are acceptable about global warming on this about are the ones that fall into lockstep with your Nazi-like beliefs on the subject and all other views are to be shouted down. Tell me, are Republicans not going to investigate the what they believe are the fudging of the numbers from NASA? If not show me where that is proven false. Whether or not NASA has done so or not is beside the point. The Republicans ARE in fact going to investigate those claims. And this sure as Hell relates to global warming.   So fuck off and ban me if you can't rationally deal with opposing points of view.
Biden Gives Shout Out to 'Old Butt Buddy' in Iowa
Vengeance! Death By Chocolate!
Ill have those niggers voting Democratic for the next 200years.Lyndon B. Johnson to two governors on Air Force One -   TheseNegroes, theyre getting pretty uppity these days and thats a problem for us since theyve got something now they never had before, the political pull to back up their uppityness. Now weve got to do something about this, weve got to give them a little something, just enough to quiet them down, not enough to make a difference.LBJ
And then you just sit there in your own filth wiping your diseased, sticky hands all over the seat for the next person to discover the choco-doodoo apocalypse you created for their date slacks?  OK.
How do you know it's enhanced if you've never experienced being circumcised?  You're just going off someone else's word. Also, my circumcised dick doesn't get cold so that's not an issue.
Wow.  You'd better have a little talk with your manager and find out where all that electricity comes from that you plug your little computer into.  (Lots of it is coal.)  Also, that chair you're sitting in isn't manufactured by wind energy.  Those lights above you?  I have some bad news about the manufacturing process.  You want the technology but don't want to think about where all the energy required to produce it originates from.  But sometimes symbolism is WAY better than actual substance.
DWI-KING Adam Reposa