Frank Body
Yeah they get taken down and re-uploaded.   Ahh, I thought I recognised the name. It's interesting what you say about them helping to drag you out of a sad mood, they do the same for me, I guess it's a comfort thing.  I'll check out the animated stuff, watched some of it when it first came out. Have you listened to the bonus hour podcast they did, it's my go to! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALGFVxKv2f4
Dude please
He goes down still chewing
we know
St Stephen's Tower
yay lets bomb insurgents
Thanks!
Not quite the same but recently I met some guys from England and there were lots of foreign people there too. They would occassionally slip into a high-pitched Geordie (Newcastle, England) accent so they couldn't be understood by non-native English speakers.   There was an American girl there who said she couldn't understand them when they spoke like that. One of the guys turned to the other and said in high-pitched Geordie, "She's got a right set of bangers on her!".   She totally understood that time.
Cancer
Lies, all lies
Helping my mother with any computer problem
UK
Crush them up first
My bus journey to work was 1 hour so I always had the best naps before and after work. I remember waking up one time with dribble hanging out my mouth and a big wet patch on my t-shirt and the old lady next to me just staring like I was the filthiest pig she'd ever seen.   Also I jerked awake and kick the chair in front and cut my shin.
There's 11 on a team though.
Got it, cheers!
Haha I used to do this is the living room with my pillow while my mum was on the phone to my nan.
"I'm not going to sleep with you, I just met you."  Shit, she's doesn't want my penis. What kind of man am I? Mustn't be creepy, keep it cool. "Erm, sorry but I think you should know that... this is actually the only chance you'll get... with me I mean, so... erm, sorry about that..." Shit, that was pathetic, she's just looking around now, gotta be more dominant, show her who's boss, yeah that'll do it, give off that abundance vibe,  "Oi, Frigid, put your knickers back on and fuck off if you're going to play cocktease... tart."
TL;DR: Friend had mole, Peeps would troll, Threats on the doc, Surgery, Mole stop.   My friend had a mole on his face that he wanted removing. After 'Austin Powers: Goldmember' came out in 2002, people everywhere would point at his mole and say "...Moley, moley, mole." Strangers on the train, people outside the clubs, a taxi driver, his school friends. He used to get in fights about it on a Saturday. Some fella in the kebab shop, havin' it large with the lads. Gets a bit cocky waiting for his chips. Jumps up from his chair and spins to look at his crew. They all look up at him and he starts to point across the room at the mole, dancing a little jig towards my friend with his finger outstretched. More people start to look. Conversations stop. Silence in the kebab shop. One of the kebab dudes actually turned off the spinning meat cooker. Everyones looking at the pointing guy then he announces, "Minstrel." The roof blows off the kebab shop (yet to be found) and my friend has an unwanted nickname for the rest of his life. He said his mole wasn't as big as a Minstrel.   He got sick of the harassment so went to the doctor to get it removed. They said it wasn't dangerous, "we'll put you on the list." He asked them how long the list is. They said it was two years. He left the Doctor's surgery, mole intact, and tried to ignore the receptionist, who had taken the time to find the 'Goldmember' mole clip on YouTube and was now showing it to that dentist from the adjacent building.  He decided enough was enough and marched back into the doctor's office and explained that the mole was giving him hell and if they didn't operate immediately, he was going to whip it off himself. He maintains he would've. The doctor fast-tracked him to a senior surgeon and they had it off within the hour.  Now he's just a bloke with a scar on his face.
Downvoted you before I upvoted you so I could give you +2 points
Film where woman sells her soul at meets the buyer at a diner to ask for it back.   Woman holds an art exhibition where she's displaying her pictures for sale. The pictures are based around 'the breakdown of a relationship' or something. The pictures show couples in bed. She's not selling any pictures and an art critic disses her work and leaves.   As part of the exhibition, she sells her soul to the highest bidder. She then meets the dude that bought it in a cafe/diner because she wants it back. The guy says he has the contract for her soul in his underpants or something.   Any ideas?
Yes, and this sounds interesting. Might have to research.
Mug/Glass Switcheroo   I was going to play some music from my iPhone while hanging with friends, and I often put the phone in a glass or mug to magnify the sound.   On my bedside table was a mug and a glass. As I was deciding which one to use as my DIY speaker, I said to myself specifically, 'the glass will be better to use.' Picked it up.   Turned around and checked if my laundry was dry. When I looked down, I was holding the mug.   Shouted, "No. Fucking. Way". The glass was still on my bedside table.
Ouch-witz
Remember: just cuz she dances go-go, it don't make her a ho, no.
This has scared me many a time. Lets say that at the time of the Big Bang, there was this 'point' that contained everything in the Universe. And one day it explode and expanded and here we are. BUT, where was this point? How did all that matter come about? Where did it come from?   What I mean is, what was there before? If there was nothing, then how did it become something? Where did all these atoms come from? Where is the beginning of the story?   That's the best way to explain my thoughts when I think about the creation of the Universe. I've just shit my pants.
I'm moving from the UK to Australia, any tips? Can a local explain how Medicare works? Any information on fruit-picking?    Selling my life and starting a new life in a new country.
Classic Internet.
Shit! I'm actually doing this in January!  Me and my best fucking bro in the world had been talking about travelling the world for ages. About 2 months ago I handed my notice in at work and bought a one-way ticket to Australia.   We're going to live there for a year with a working holiday visa and then just go with the flow.   I'm in the process of selling all of my possessions. It makes you realise how much shit you have. One of my friends described it as, 'shedding my skin.'  Take the plunge and shed your skin. You said it yourself, nothing is holding you back! :)
http://i.imgur.com/Rq0Fl.jpg
He had silverware all over him and they decided he was a table.