I always ment to make a playlist like this and this song sometime around midnight.( http://open.spotify.com/track/7Hn0bZgca6QFz6OyKkvAi6 )would be at the top of the list.
Super Tits!
This is so metal
Any one else ajusting their gym routine so Tuesday is their rest day?
Shannon Figa. Oldie but goodie.  Keep it up though great shit.
At the pitchfork emporium, on pitchfork street, down in the pitchfork district. duh!
One night in Bangkok is about the world chess championship.
I liked it, good music choice, what was the first song? I feel like the kid pop up was  unessacery and then the movie samples could be mixed in better. But well done. Better than anything I could do.
Kinda in the spirit of long planned out things you have the french guy who when he died sealed his house off for 100 years. http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2011/02/pictures/110209-maison-mantin-french-time-capsule-mansion/
(Question/sugestion) Is there a shader/emblem that signifies that you are looking for a group.
(serious) Trolls, what do you really get out of? What is the joy?   Title?
Repost from like a week ago, come on people!
Eva Andressa has some of the best abs in the biz!
Question about sidline personel.   When a player gets hurt and you see them on the side line talking to a bunch of people are those all trainers or are they agents as well?
Yah that's what I figured, still kinda hard to find the original pic, Google wasn't much help that why came and asked you...FAGGITS?
Where's Virgil? He belongs at this.
Can i buy that for burning man?
ASTRONOMICAL!
Or coke.
When I was in 7th grade who had a funny last name, we called him sperm lock insted. He over heard me and a freind laughing about it one day, he called is into his room and told us that if he ever heard is call him that agin he would "tear of our heads and shit down our wind pipes." My freind told him mom and the teacher had to write a apology.
My running/lifting music. If you like Bass, hard house, and rock/metal this is for you.
Thank you sir.
Yah that's the one I was looking for, thanks.
Yah ask japan about that one
Everyone you like dies.
That was explained very well. Thanja
Van damme wasn't in robo jox.
[TOMT] B 80s post apacalyptic flick, all i remember is the villain is this half man half cyborg with spider legs and he rules over some death ball type game.[movie]   I know its not much but i used to see this movie on HBO all the time. it took place in a futuristic wasteland (possibly another planet) and all i remember is this cyborg fucker with a spider body rules over these gladiator type games and the hero has to rescue his chick from them. i know its not much but this shit has driven me crazy for years.
I had a grand maul seizure during sex. When I was 24 I had a long term girlfriend and was living at home. Well at one point my doctor and I decide to go off my meds to see if its still active. Well during that time of my med me and my GF are having sex and next thing I know I'm hanging off the bed and I've puked up my dinner. Turns out mid bone I went into a full blown seizure. My GF was aware of my condition but never expected this to happen. She was a champ though. The real awkward part was telling my parents how it went down. But hey now I have a cool story.
That escalated quickly.
My life is going great. I'm sleeping next to this amazing girl I met last month. It's the first time that I've been this head over heels for someone I a long time. I'm in the best shape of my life. Mentally I'm in a place of self discovery and imrprovement where I just want to fill my life with as much love, knowledge and wisdom as possible. :) ain't life grand!
Obama wins, Romney cries!