Hey, I just graduated six months ago, here's my advice looking back.   Best advice I ever got was, find something you like, something that you can make money and a career out of. Don't waste your time and money on a major that's not going to do anything for you (I'm looking at you psych and history!)   Go to class, do your homework. Honestly, take it easy your first year, let the party animals do there thing, they'll flunk out in a semester or two. By next year, you'll have a good GPA base and be with people who can party and do school. Which is pretty much how must of life is, party when you party, but get your shit done first.   Make some mistakes. Nows the time to. And don't feel some huge pressure to get married when everyone starts getting engaged senior year. Life goes on, you need to figure out who you are before you'll ever be a good SO.   Good luck!
If anything is possible, nothing is possible.
Why do my hands get dry when I cut my nails?
The idea of having nothing to lose is something you can lose. Say you are single man with no debts and no assets, you have nothing to lose. You have a kid, and you lost your nothing to lose
Do other species that mate for life experience infidelity?   Like, I know swans form monogamous relationships, but has one ever cheated?
When did we turn friction off?
When you see a movie in a theater, it's usually a once in a lifetime experience.
You have to die in or immediately after the act of murder.
Yea in my opinion, (granted I'm 22 no kids so I have no real experience) I would think treating them like an intelligent person and telling the truth is better in the long run even though it probably won't achieve the desired effect immediately.
Animals who understand they they are looking at themselves in a mirror are extremely intelligent
Clip Art
[WP] Someone logs into their Facebook, and starts looking at a friend's profile pictures. To their surprise, they find they can not only look back at older pictures, but somehow future ones as well...   A new terms and conditions pops up. Only this account has the ability, and if anyone finds out it's lost forever.
The Universe is so large, that there is a fair to good chance that there is an arrangement of atoms and molecules that compose anything you could possibly imagine.   In fact, there is a good possibility that the same arrangement of atoms that compose you also exists elsewhere in the universe.
Anonymous post, please disregard
McDonald's is like the neo future restaurant in Cloud Atlas
Wow that's really rough, my heart goes out to you mate
Haha, guess you dodged a bullet then.
Wow that's so cool!
In the shadow of dick-man
Friend's dog's first bath time
This is next level true
This is the epic meal time of duck tape.
Where are the boots? ;)
You need to post to r/cringe
I feel like there is a good Tom Hanks joke floating around in there, as he was the conductor on polar express and had past lives in Cloud Atlas.
Milo and Otis #throwback
Psh my penis is like three inches...from the ground
I give you the best parents in the world
Stalin!
Freshman roommate smelled like gym sock Asian food dry rotting in a theater trashcan. Constantly.
He's good, but he is no Frightened Inmate #2
This is a vagina without the normal disguise