I'd try to watch a couple pro games, just so you have some amount of map awareness.  Also play some casual, and a lot of deathmatch to work on learning maps and aim.  Don't stress if you die a lot in casual,  in comp mm they sort you by similar skill level and in casual I don't think they do.  Lots of hackers also hang out in casual.    The thing that helped me the most was learning how to set my mouse dpi and sensitivity correctly, then learning how to move efficiently with a much lower dpi.  There plenty of youtube videos on that.    If your team makes calls in a mm game don't be afraid to ask them if you don't know a nickname (Cat, Tetris, Jungle, etc etc).  You might get flamed a bit, but its just internet people.  You will learn and possibly never see them again.
Intel
I played 120odd hours, I had fun most of them.  I did vog the week it was released.  At the end nothing dropped for anyone. Thought it was broken.  Went to find loot tables for raid rewards.  "Oh I guess there are none".  Haven't turned the game on since.  I was a wow raider, thought Destiny would scratch that itch.  Like an mmo-lite.  I don't care if I don't get a reward for doing the hardest content in the game.  In an mmo raids have loot tables, you certainly dont get something every time.  But someone in your party will.  An item worth coming back for every week to get.  An item that doesn't have the same low chance to drop off any mob in the whole game.   Without raid specific gear whats the point of getting to end game.  Without pvp specific gear what's the point of pvping.  Sorry for my rant, incredibly off topic.  What im getting at is I got my moneys worth, I liked the game.  But dont see any point in going back.  Plus I dont own the dlc's.  $70 for the dlc+tk is too much overhead for me to come back. Shit I payed 60 for the game.  Essentially this is a really long "I agree".
My asus p4ps8x was doa. But the 9700pro I saved up for was baller at the time.  All in all it went better than some builds, worse than others.
man, all I remember is GRAAALLL JAILLL.  I'll definitely hop on at some point,  I didn't even realize it was still up and running
An Updated List Of Studios EA Has Bought And Then Shut Down
If you are remotely technically savvy I'd pay 4-500 for a pc.  If you want to strictly use your tv then you save on buying a monitor, and you can get a 360 wireless dongle which will support 4 players on wireless 360 controllers.  Plus buying games on steam will probably save you money in the long run.  Not to mention if you get used to putting computers together and trouble shooting after college you can reward yourself with baller computer parts.  Edit: a console isn't a bad option now a days if you don't feel like getting in over your head.  Both have their subscription plans with free games monthly.
None
Mans seen some stuff.
My first case was an awp asiimov.  Since then I've gotten a few $2-3 skins and a whole LOT of nothing.  The house got me hooked.
Law and Order whatever subtitle..
No pc gamer is going to buy a bioware rpg on console, and no console gamer reading a review on ign is going to run out and buy a high end pc because Dragon age looks good.  Clearly it was some sort of mistake, or it's how the game looked a week before the day one patch.
Gradually.  If they are selvedge jeans make sure they taper the inseam.  If they are regular trousers then it shouldn't be a big deal however they normally taper.  Find a pair of jeans you really like and measure the foot hole, it will help to tell them how much you want the pants tapered.
Looks great, do you know what the inseam is by chance? Not listed on their site.
They must have caught up on the 08-09 GPU failing class action lawsuit.   edit:07-08 and it was an nvidia class action, my bad.  But here's a source from that if anyone was interested.  http://appleinsider.com/articles/10/09/29/07_08_macbook_pros_included_in_nvidia_class_action_settlement
There is only 1 game that is free on ps+ this month that is also offered on the psnow service.  I understand that their streaming technology probably costs them an insane amount of money, but offering that 1 game as a free to stream game from October 8 to November 5 wont bankrupt Sony.  They could put a countdown timer on the games icon, similar to the countdown on pre-loads.  "This game will expire on this date, if you want to keep playing you can rent it."  Offering this would also get people involved in the psnow ecosystem, if they play that one game for free and see that it works really well they are more likely to go in and spend money to rent things.
12, Camera was angled a hair so they look huge.  Wish they were smaller though. Heh
Tragedy khadafi and pharaoh monch. Shaped modern rap quite a bit in the late 80s.  Capone n noreaga did really interesting collab work in the mid 90s.   Ra the rugged man is really interesting, especially his work with biggie.  Cage's life story is out of control, his movies for the blind album might be worth digging into.  Oh and epmd before Capone and noreaga.
No pools...
Err misread a little thought I saw 2 weeks of wear.  Yah maybe exchange for a size down.  But yah they look like they will wind up looking like a ns type fit, which isn't necessarily a bad thing.
Your best bet would probably be a cheap fixie, like a retrospec.  You're looking at around 250 in that bike plus parts, vs 250 for something cheap and brand new.  I just got myself over my head with a similar rebuild, although the frame has sentimental value to me, so I guess in the long run it was worth it.  Maybe look into pure fix, retrospec, or critical.
Thanks!
The 5 HDMI inputs are not a deal breaker, but they are looking very good.  Bluetooth I can take or leave, it would be nice but my chromecast works just as well.  I've been told that Yamaha receivers have the least amount of technical problems, as well as the least amount of features.  Opposed to Denon with the most technical problems, but the most extra features.  Apparently Pioneer falls right in the middle.  (who knows how accurate my source was on that one though) Thanks for the input, I'm waiting for the towers to go on sale so I guess I will still keep shopping around on the best receiver to fit my needs.
Absolutely atleast 5 years. The place I have my eye on currently, well one of many.  The one I'm waiting to hear back from has been on the market for about half a year, and has already lowered their price about 10k.  It isn't a very convenient area, it just happens to be very very convenient to the place I work.  I do need to have it seriously checked out though, if I get serious on this one.  Because that length of time tends to make me nervous. Thanks for the advice!
Shoe goo works wonders
beautiful, should be front page any minute!
I dunno about raws. "Here's a pair of really expensive denim." "Wtf they are stiff, uncomfortable, and I want to wash them." "Naw man it's cool just wear them for the next three months...trust me".  I mean I love me some raw denim,I just don't think they are great for someone who doesn't care.  Personally I'd say a pair off dark washed denim,jcrew or something of the sort.
thanks, I sized 1 down.  Tried on 2 sizes down, and was really paranoid about crotch blow before they got a chance to stretch.  They are a little too big on my waist now, so i just wear an undershirt and tuck it in + belt.  Im on the same boat. Thinking of trying japan blue, or 3sixteen.  They seem to be the most comparable in value/quality.  Also hanging in to see if Gustin releases info on their 18.4oz selvedge indigo they talked about on here.  Although i'm not in a huge rush, still loving my apc's.
it was an in the moment type picture http://imgur.com/a/wiwvn
planetside 2...
scr8 up out da han dynasty? L Bu'in it an all dat? Teachin dem numbers? word.
my thoughts exactly.