at a water park
**"It's a water park. And they ran out of water," says Vega Crain, who waited for two years to see "Panic! at the Disco".**
Ive traveled. I know what different Islamic cultures are like. Thanks but no thanks on the read. I was just giving my opinion on the hijab. You can keep your hijab. I don't give two flying shits. While you're at it just where two. Or three. Knock yourself out.
I have a lighter, anyone have some gas?
[Oregon National Guard Seal Team on standbye](http://imgur.com/rHhQo3D)
I have no speakers. I saw no fight.
Asked about a weed here few months ago. Was told not a weed. Here's what it turned out to be.
Lol
Here's the jist of it. Tags are given by the state to control the taking of wild game, as to account for numbers and how many can be taken without endangering the species/family in the area. Its legal to kill these animals if you have the proper tags.  The problem is this. When you have 700 acres of land in the northwest, poaching is easy. The story that the family is going with absolutely makes no sense at all. They paint a picture of this 11 year old girl being a bad ass traccker, shes not. There is no way her and little brother are hanging out and she runs in the house, after making the ethical decision with her family that she should kill the cougar sense she was the only one with a tag, grabs a rifle and quick scopes a 3ft cougar "stalking" her brother. Especially with their prior engagements with endangered animals.  Favorite line is by the grandpa saying were just trying to follow the law as best as we can or what not. No, no, no my friend, your last issue wasnt a little mistake, it was you consciously killing an endangered animal then trying to mail it over the border under false labeling. You are not a law abiding sportsman, youre a piece of shit. The equivelent of Fred Phelps to the sportsman community.
not for me
your correct
if youre curious about the topic look up "Human Guinea Pig" By Maurice Henry Pappworth. Book covers the stories of service members affected by nuclear research / test that the government denies benefits for.   Really interesting, there a chapter about the guys who went aboard the ships after the testing at Bikini Atoll. Sailors, living on nuclear tainted ships, for weeks at a time cleaning the. Also talks about the guys who watched the testings out in arizona.
Shit I shit
hmmm so how far does a ship have to go under to, by your simplified, one definitive definition of sink for a ship to be considered to have "sunk"?  Completely submersed? to a certain depth? To the bottom?  Now what if that "sunk" ship resurfaces? I mean youre obviously a troll or very irrational of a person to not be able to understand that a word may have multiple meanings...   But sure. you're right. I think you probably need this win anyways kiddo. Good luck!
I dont get this at all. Why take this picture and post it to reddit? And sure im gonna get a shit ton of hate because its such an "emotional picture" but I dont care.  1. Why would you take a picture of a person in this predicament that you work with? As a medical provider, ive been in these situations and If i saw you taking a picture of me like this or of one of my colleagues I'd come knock your teeth out.  2. Reminds me of photographers that flock to tragedy for the "perfect shot." They have photographers that will delay a persons care for their shot, one particular case where a photographer climbed on top of an ambulance that my team and I were trying to load a 2 month old in septic shock into evac to a USN ship. Real piece of shit, but point being this is a pretty shitty picture.  3. What did you plan on doing with the picture? Are you going to go give it to that young provider, so he can remember that time he lost a 19 year old?   But whatever, im an asshole i guess. The asshole still inside working feeling my heart out for this new young doc while i watch some toolbag emt take a picture of him.
Article:  "The pharaohs would likely spin in their sarcophagi if they knew where all their carefully erected obelisks have gone. For of the 21 ancient obelisks still standing, Egypt itself can claim fewer than five. Rome boasts 13, all snatched from the Land of the Pharaohs in Roman times, and the rest are spread from Istanbul to New York City. Click on the labeled map below to view and review the world's 12 mightiest standing monoliths."
I'd just take the seizures thank you
Deserved it by no means, means did not deserve it fyi. I can give two shits about downvotes, but seriously like the other guy said she tried stealing the spot from another handicap person. Shes a dick. If shes not a dick, she obviously shouldnt be driving if she was unaware of what was going on. I mean youre all on her side because shes the victim, but what if the person in the other car was older or more handicap? Then you'd all be bashing her. So whatever spin you'd like to take go for it, I still stand by my argument that she put herself in that situation, did she deserve it? by no means. By no means did she deserve it. Deserve it she did not. She did not deserve it. Theyre ya go, now back to watching your VHS thunderdome tapes.
I like this article. I own quite a few guns, from pistols to shotguns to rifles. But I also believe in some sort of system that should be in place for weapon ownership. I respect weapons, but I'm ex military and at one point I had a concealed carry license. I know the laws on weapons. I've seen the damage they can do firsthand. I am not the typical gun owner though. Like everything, the more educated you are about something, the less you're likely to abuse it ignorantly.
Anal
i disagree
Numbers dont lie, cats fucking suck
but those cheap flights
From his narrative, Frederick Douglass went around chesting up to slave owners, learning to read and write through perseverance and deceit, and then became a free man who worked to tear down the institutions of slavery.  Why hasnt an action movie of this been made yet?
Pure Envy
I mean sorry I dont know all the big words behind it, but I dont hear you coming up with anything Mr. Sarcastic Smartguy
The cats and there cat controlling brain bugs.
You can't help the genetics you were given.
I was gonna come in here and bash you.. but then i was like yeah that is mildly interesting... so yeah. heres some points
Its little bird
a stereo system. a nice stereo system can make the environment till you can create it yourself.
meatspin.com