1 of the developed countries
Thanks bro
Flawless logic
Took them long enough
probably never
I dont like it because I'm used to a physical keyboard which also doesnt change. And I think uppercase letters are better visible
Seat unfortunately
In which world do BMWs Look like from 2006?
Porsches in snow
thanks for putting the fucking punchline in the title.. some people will never learn
Sweet Pepe
In Germany, 25 years is the longest possible time, even if you kill thousands of people
.
Unlimited speed on the Autobahn
ayyyyy
"Mom you have to press harder for this.. " Presses Always hard "No not everywhere.. Only for this thing" "This is confusing.. When do I need the crown?" sigh..
Yes. And it just means "health".  Source: Am german
German energy-giant E.ON to sell Gas/Coal/Nuclear-Parts to focus on renewable energy
Players of Manchester United get Chevrolets as PR, drive Porsche and Mercedes instead
$$$
You don't need to trust them, you just have to look at their ridicoulus low budget of 500 million Euros which is almost nothing compared to the NSA
The only matching parts are the two inner circles.. Are you kidding me? who upvotes this?  The wach is a rectangle and the grid is a square, it's not even remotely the same
At least one leader of ISIS killed by an airstrike
for me its always interesting to see those commercials, because in germany its forbidden to show products of competitors or talk about them in advertisements. (leads to pretty boring ads)
how is this an awkward situation for you?
Sorry english is not my first language..  I just wanted to say that they are showing how the iPhone has the feature which samsung was advertising strongly on their S5 and apple is just showing that it is also possible with the iPhone without even mentioning it directly.. Its not an attack (couldnt find another word) they're just making fun of them
yay we are as good as the us
As I said, those things have been proven wrong, thats not just my opinion (Look here: http://www.reddit.com/r/AskFeminists/comments/ttugs/i_was_in_the_library_the_other_day_and_i/c4psdtb)  It is also surprisingly that all of the people asking about the goal of feminism are feminists. (The posts linked to in the sidebar) so most of you guys dont even know what you are fighting for?
Most of those discussions are leading to one single post, which is proven wrong by different people in the same threads.
Maybe low battery?
Bugs in the GM   So, with all of those bugs in the gm that we can see in this subreddit.. Do you think this will be the final version? Or is apple going to patch the stuff before the release? I'm not sure about how "final" the GM is ..
are you..?