Okay, so it must just be certain territories where it's in two shortened parts. Thanks. Hope you enjoyed it!
Not a fan of the on-island ending? I didn't mind it. I mean, the show gets silly very quickly. There's a massive turning point in season 4 where it goes from still semi-realistic to completely batshit insane, and they resolve that specific cliffhanger in season 5 with an answer which was even more batshit insane. It was around that point where they dropped flashbacks for good (except for the occasional episode) as a means for characterisation. That's where it dropped most of the viewers. I'd say if you missed any episodes before you watched the finale, you haven't given it a fair chance. As for the ending, it was just as silly as everything else had become on the show. That's kinda what I like about it - they committed to the lunacy they'd built up to.
Not that Agents of SHIELD was groundbreaking, but god those last two episodes of S1 with Fitz and Simmons being dropped to the bottom of the ocean, were heartbreaking. People think Stannis betrayed them? Remember Ward. Attempting to kill two innocent, reserved, often comic relief scientists all because of an alliance with the man who made him.
Book 6 is confirmed t early next year. GRRM said that's his goal - before Season 6 airs.
I enjoy all of the books a lot and loved where final scenes for each character left them, but holy shit the pencil thing was a pretty major cop out. And the Stephen King meta plot line was pretty cheesy.     Nonetheless, Drawing of the Three and Wizard and Glass are two of my all time favourite books.
*"and you know it"*? I think they might, considering it's literally their entire comment.
He literally shrunk himself down using real technology borrowed from Edgar Wright's Ant-Man development and fit inside the clay IRL. Such a talented actor.
Giacchino's *Lost* score is a masterpiece. I'd die happy if he came to score an MCU flick.
They were making a Sony joke.
She's unrecognisable in Game of Thrones. She's supposed to be this dark-haired, slim, long-legged [sexy badass](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/iceandfire/images/c/cf/Regodon-asha-greyjoy.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20120213162523). They changed her name to Yara (because apparently Asha sounds too similar to Osha) and cast her as [differently](http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130611131832/gameofthrones/images/3/34/Yara_Greyjoy_3X10.png) as possible (dirty blonde?). Not saying she's unattractive, she's just not Asha.     (Edited for several bad grammars)
Username doesn't exactly check out.
Hey, not always.
[Fucking really, OP?](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/2xi7pe/what_phrase_makes_you_cringe_every_time_you_hear/)
[Mate!](http://youtu.be/Vjn2JKrlkcU)
The title track from Kid A may well be the most emotionally draining song I've ever heard - it worms it's way into my head and leaves me depressed for the rest of the day after I listen to it.     The album never made me shiver like Exit Music, or the payoff of Electioneering after Fitter Happier. It just left me shrugging and in a gloomy mood. The National Anthem, Optimistic, and Disappear will stay with me, but Everything, In Limbo and Idioteque became repetitive after several listens.     The appeal of that album is something that can't be explained. I think it's just something that only certain people can *get*. I won't be one of them.     But, The King of Limbs? Whaaaaa...
/r/quityourbullshit is all about shaming people for lying on the Internet; and the comments for every post is a ton of "what pathetic fucking losers these people are amirite?" It's embarrassing when much of the time, people don't notice that the *evidence* clearly doesn't contradict the "bullshitter's" claim, but the post still gets really popular. Also, when someone's post is a permalink to another Reddit comment, it usually leads to thousands of negative karma points for the "bullshitter", whether they deserve it or not. It's pretty bad.
(In DNA, if you press the action button while seeing how many *total* feathers you've collected, it tells you how many you've found out of how many there are in each district of any city. I didn't realise until I'd nearly finished).
Also correct.
Gladly.
I liked the fact that the professor was called Callahan as a clear Dirty Harry reference, because the city is half San Francisco.       Apart from that, speeding up your main pop song for time constraints is a crime in any movie. As soon as the brother drove on screen, I thought straight away that *this guy is a walking tombstone. He's not in any of the promos and he's an endlessly perfect role model.* I groaned when he Uncle Ben'd.      Overall: great animation, cool concepts, but it's such an origin story! We're all sick of that.
I agree with both of them, sorry. It tries to be about two separate aspects of one man's life but at just over 100 minutes long, it ran ridiculously short for how much it tried to cram in.      The dialogue sounds like it was written an American screenwriter who doesn't know how to make characters sound English, and the Norwegian director does pretty well making it sound natural...but it doesn't help that so many of its lines read like trailer excerpts.       So much of the Bletchley Park story felt off. A tad unrealistic, and that's because it actually didn't happen like that at all. They were all fully behind Turing's project - in fact he was specifically brought in to work on those machines. Why did it have to be turned into The Social Network?
Partly, I felt like saying something controversial but after I finished the film a few hours ago, I was extremely let down by the ending. The film goes in such an insane, surreal direction that it felt unearned for the story to come full circle. His wife is crazy and her story had some insane holes - the freaking woodshed?! At least if the movie ended 15 minutes earlier, it might have been left up to your imagination (if I'm not mistaken, that's closer how the book ends). The *suggestion* that what we do get out of the ending may be the outcome of the entire debacle, I believe, may have been more satisfying than *knowing* this is probably the beginning of the rest of their lives. By going on longer, you get the feeling that there may be another few twists and turns, considering how many were crammed into the rest of the film; however, that's not the case.       TL;DR: lack of ambiguity for their future, ten minutes too long, full circle ending unearned IMO.     (Edited for italics)
No problem! That battle, though, would look amazing in IMAX. Pretty sure there's only one IMAX theatre in all of New Zealand, and it's a 6-7 hour drive away, so even if it wasn't only in the US (anyone would bet on that) I'd be screwed either way :(      I hope anyone who has a chance to see this takes advantage of it because it sounds spectacular.
I'd laugh my ass off if he appears on the cover of one he isn't in while he's currently dead.
You start.
I never noticed! That's hilarious. Also, [**relevant**](http://youtu.be/X5hrUGFhsXo)
Also the most fun platinum I've ever had. It's extremely short, but the battle arenas are extremely fun and challenging. You have to complete every challenge for the platinum.
Graphics-wise? Not too much (considering it was always stunning), but get it for 60 frames-per-second, 1080p, fantastic story dlc, most multiplayer dlc and the new difficulty level. Remastered has it all, while PS3 version is just the base game and you won't get an online pass with any used copies, so possibly not even multiplayer. Gladly, Remastered doesn't require a pass.
So you planned on the ally trophies from the start? God, I've completed it on Insanity without any ally trophies. I can't imagine playing the game 3 more fucking times ;)
I'm playing Grounded, and man it's soooo cheap. Starting the generator in the hotel: no matter what you do, a runner immediately comes up behind you if you haven't grabbed the keycard. You need to have full health to survive that at all.     Not to mention that all infected are psychic and that you will, thousands of times, watch a stealth-killed hunter drop a loaded weapon and you'll have no way to use their ammo because their gun vanishes into thin air. Fuck Grounded.      I can't imagine the patience the platinum takes.
Christopher Lee would be my pick.
For me, it gets quite repetitive after an hour and a half. Even on hardcore, it's too easy if you're good at the gunplay. And [spoiler](#s "Nyreen dies?! Why? We haven't known her for very long. It's not impactful. It takes away importance from what was an intriguing character.")     Also, Illusive Man Lite aka Generic Russian General was quite a weak villain. He plays bloody chess and makes chess metaphors. Clich, much?     Overall, the story felt like it was thrown together to justify spending time developing concepts for an Omega level before removing it from the original story.