I wonder how many gallons of California's precious water would be conserved if military servicemembers didn't have to shave everyday.
Ignorance
Soooo... What is she looking for a competitive eating training partner?
My 13 year old autistic cousin was talking to my aunt and he said "With all the stars and planets and galaxies in the universe, there practically HAS to be aliens out there!" My aunt responds "There aren't." My cousin asks "Why not?" My aunt responds, "Because the Bible."
Euthanize
Obama
With technological advancements and social media, people think that just because they have a "microphone" or a "platform" for essentially instantaneous global public discourse, they also necessarily have a "voice" or "valued opinion", when the truth is that everyone should go back to the good old days of shutting the fuck up and vaccinating their god damn kids. But then again, I'm just some asshole who thinks everyone should listen to my opinion, voiced above. So fuck me too.
No teeth
Put nicotine in their products.
/r/ShaqHoldingThings
Heavyweights
PsBattle: This old guy sleeping agape at an airport.
Bruce Jenner
Tesla/SpaceX Hyperloop prototype.
I have zero business sense and even less ambition, I'm just a guy laying in a beanbag chair. Ideally someone else would put in all the leg work, carry this idea through to fruition, then get super rich off of it so I can send them a screenshot of this post in a few years and try to get a couple million dollars in sympathy money from them, all without leaving my beanbag.
That's exactly my point. If you rack it and put it on safe, then you know 100% its safe. Then when you're done taking pictures of it to show people on the internet, then you can again visually clear the chamber, put it on fire, and release the firing pin to relieve spring tension for storage until the next time you want to take it out and take pictures of it.
NSFW
Need help thinking of movie.   Sorry for the vagueness and ambiguity but its 530am and I don't know why my brain just started to think about this but about ten or fifteen years ago I remember seeing this movie where this guy who is an increasingly shitty husband comes home to find a really fucked up video of his wife confessing to a bunch of fucked up shit like cheating on him and the video gets worse and worse until the end it actually shows her cheating on him on the video with his neighbor and then he finds out that its not a recorded video but a live feed from the neighbors place and he tries to kill her and or the neighbor or something. It may not have been in theaters maybe just made for/by HBO or Cinemax or something. Sorry/thanks.
Holy shit
The 14 year old me was pretty certain you were supposed to pee inside a girl's bagina when you had sex, too.
I am happy now.
Congratulations you found the only error in a movie where Vin Diesel casually deadlifts a 2-ton up-armored car and then drives it off of one skyscraper into another, twice.
Pubic transportation.
Guy with food is not impressed.
I don't get it; I could still easily stick a cucumber up my ass with that thing on.
1. Religion 2. "No hook ups!" 3. Pictures with friends 4. Cats 5. Cigarettes 6. Paleo 7. Crossfit 8. Vegan 9. Name I can't pronounce 10. Name I wouldn't want to say out loud in public 11. Excessive pink colored clothing 12. Moles larger than a pencil eraser 13. Too much makeup 14. Weird looking neck 15. Duckface 16. Sepia filter 17. Hash tags 18. Country music 19. Dallas Cowboys 20. Ties to al Qaeda / IS / Taliban / Hezbollah 21. Nipples larger than a half dollar 22. No nipples 23. A guy 24. Picture with boyfriend or any guy 25. Robot 26. Lefties 27. Pigeon toed 28. HIV+ 29. Visible herpes sores 30. Non-visible herpes sores 31. Quotes from any Tyler Perry movie  Edit: OK I'm catching a lot of heat about the lefties thing; the bottom line is that when a lefty writes with a quill, they tend to smear the undried ink with their hand as they write, and that is a huge bonerkill for me. Deal breaker.
Salt is the opposite of pepper and squirrels are the opposite of chipmunks.
Baseball is really exciting.
MRW I see clock get sub-30s for the first time.
A bot *that's* going to be doing cool stuff. Not who. Nice try, human.
i remember my first time
dude clear your status bar