Wow OK I can't think of a way to say this without getting ripped on and down voted to hell and I know this was just for fun. But how has nobody here considered the cumulative time you've wasted of all the people you've done this to after pulling them over?
Why not just ask mercer island for it
Just because this bugging me. Look up my history and check out the post titled "I cheated on my bitch." I saw the joke a mile away its just not original or funny so I ignored it. About the other stuff, I don't see any point in talking to someone so close minded
So I'm not allowed to call a random asshole on the internet an asshole just because he's a cop? Oh and I also noticed similarities between the downvote brigade and the blue wall of silence.   You just want drama
You sound like someone I never want to run into. Scary to think you have a gun
Once when I was arrested I asked the cop if he ever smoked weed when he was young, he said he never got caught and laughed as he pushed me into his backseat
yeah he seems like a genuine nice guy. I forgot to say that was part 1. here's part 2 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZjbQPhduVk
just look at any of the times it was posted on reddit. usually one of the highest comments explains it. how I heard it was fake was on reddit so i'm sure you can find it if you look
widespread panic
looking for someone chill to play with!   my game name is Dionysus#1697 in the Americas  I've never played against a friend before and i really want to. don't worry, i disenchanted all my priest, shaman, and druid cards so i could make a pirate deck.. i mean a deck that has 5 pirates in it
school security guard put a boot on my car so i took off the tire, took the boot off, put tire back on and was driving away when he came out. he pulled me out of my car and searched my car without permission (later he said i gave him permission) and found a bb gun i forgot about. when i went to jail i spilt some hot ham juice on my foot and got a huge blister bubble (hot ham juice is the most dangerous weapon in jail, that shit was over 100 degrees) but aside from that jail was pretty cool. just watched family guy and played cards and read all day, got 3 meals a day and could take a shower whenever i wanted. i kinda want to go back to jail
i've lived in seattle my whole life and never done any of the cool stuff on that site. never even been to the spaceneedle
I just tasted my cum too! Parents wanted to Skype with relatives so I took a shower and unrolled the hose. I was on my back and meant to cum on my shirt but came too hard. Fuckin Jenni lee...
i was forced to go to NA awhile ago. i think that if you want to stop drinking then you should go. why wouldn't you go if there's a small chance it will help you reach your goal? yes it's extremely religious but that only takes up a few minutes of it, the rest is about hearing other talk openly
i think so too because i've heard dogs try to run when they sleep. can dogs talk to other dogs like humans talk?
try putting a little sriracha sauce or any chili sauce in your beer and let me know what you think. i'm liking it a lot   its good in whiskey too
what is it?
i won't remember. but thank you
get a hammock
250R because it would be my first bike ever. there's a forum just for ninja 250 riders and some people my height own them and love them, but i just want a second and third opinion. because i can't test drive it before i hand over the $2000 and i don't have that yet
yeah thanks, that's pretty much what everyone in this thread has told me. of course i'm going to ride it before i buy it. i guess i'm getting ahead of myself. i just can't fucking wait and i'm too excited
thank you. i'm sorry but i have one more question. you've already been so helpful so i apologize.   i'm 6 foot 2 inches, so i'm worried about how how a sport bike like the ninja 250 would fit me. would a standard or cruiser bike be better for me?
haha yeah that's a good point. thanks, i appreciate you taking the time
thanks
so is nationalism just basically "my government governs me less shitty than your government governs you"?
i sprayed warhead sour spray on all the food in my highschool's cafeteria.
thank you for replying, i was sure it wasn't well known enough to find anyone but i just thought i'd try my luck. did you extract the LSA from the seeds or just swallow/grind them? would you do it again? any open eye visuals?
don't mind me. just compiling some music i might forget about   youth - daughter  fatlip  battleme  phish  massive attack  portishead  Smoking Spore - Toad Patrol  tycho  dj shadow - midnight in a perfect world  bonobo -recurring  a perfect circle - judith  cannibal ox - pigeon  If I Had a Heart - Fever Ray (Fuck Buttons Remix)  Gonjasufi - Blaksuit  fun - all alone  kip moore  Arkasia - Pandemonium  mos def - mathematics  aesop rock  Nas -memory lane - illmatic album  CunninLynguists - a piece of strange album  Tangerine Dream - Ricochet  Jonathan Coulton - re: your brains   still alive  devin townsend  funki porcini - purrfect  Mt Eden Dubstep - Still Alive  One Day/Reckoning Song (Wankelmut Remix) - Asaf Avidan   the Mojos  9 Lazy 9  DJ Food  Cold cut  Crystal Stilts - Frost Inside The Asylums  the tallest man on earth - the dreamer  MF Doom - Vomitspit  Mos Def Talib Kweli ft. Common - Respiration  minus the bear  hopsin  woodkid - iron
the tallest man on earth
so the earth has always been getting warmer since it was created? what is infrared radiation? which way is the radiation ejected, back towards earth?
shit. i guess i should have waited for an answer. thanks for looking this up, you went above and beyond
"What the fuck?" I say aloud as i frantically search my brain for clues as to how i wound up in the middle of a dense forest. As I take in the absurdity of my situation I think back on the previous day. I didn't drink and I only left the house to get a pack of cigarettes.  "Oh fuck yeah, cigarettes."  As i take my first drag I approach my situation with a new sense of calm. I hear running water so i make my way towards that.  I don't remember falling asleep but that's not new. I don't think I'm dreaming but I've never been able to have a lucid dream before.