My Dad makes a mean Filet Mignon
Never laughed this hard on a comment ever.
Theatre students.. Well.. You'll notice them a mile away
She's planning to kill you. Cats are vicious
Oh brother..
White People
Holy shit. It happened. It FUCKING HAPPENED
I was at Disney World when I was six years old. We were riding the bus back to our hotel when my mom gave her seat up to a girl about the same age as me. We kept looking at each other and just smiled and laughed. It was so innocent and for my six year old self it was the best thing ever.
I love her. I've always loved her. I still don't understand everyone's hate towards her..
Hello Lavern
I don't think I'm entitled to say exactly what went down, but yeah it was never the same after he left.
This is the type of shit I love seeing
The Doctor can get through anything. He always finds a way
Being a narcissistic little shit
Unlimited calls in Canada?! Sign me up
Everybody poops
Actors of Reddit, what's the best way to continue the craft after High School?
I'm glad this is helping more than just me, but I'm sorry to hear you're going through a tough time. We'll get through it!
One of my favorite threads of all time.
I loved my NeoCube! Until I lost 5 magnets and then it was worthless
Why do stars twinkle or sparkle?
Come on gang, MySpace here we come!
I've never been so jealous
This is the future.
That sounds fantastic
What is your inner sanctuary?
That's usually what I end up doing in most lucid dreams, just being in awe of what I am doing in that moment.
The WILD technique is where you go to bed wake up after 4-6 hours of sleep, stay awake for like 10 min to an hour (I think an hour is way too long) then get back in your bed, make sure your body is all relaxed. The trick to this is you want to trick your body into falling asleep and your brain remain active. Unfortunately during this technique you might run into sleep paralysis, but you just have to take that with a grain of salt. Once your body is asleep you will start seeing thing, shapes, colors, soon you'll start seeing faces then full on scenes. Don't focus too much on any of that because you will lose all you're trying to achieve. You may even hear some things.One big thing is that you cannot get too excited. You will ruin all of it. There are some good apps/ youtube videos on taking you through the process of relaxing your body and the steps after that. Sorry I wrote this pretty fast, if you have any questions or want other tips just let me know! Happy Lucid Dreaming!
That's what my friend said! It would be fantastic!
Xlan16 is right. You're never  going to know what happens in your dream. What you should do is try biting your tongue, or try plugging your nose and try to breath. The biting your tongue almost always works for me. Good Luck!
Great job, that looks incredible
Asperatus Clouds