For the most part i wouldnt use it for a self medication due to me knowing that that is the main reason people get hooked on marijuana. Ive been severely depressed for the past couple years and one of the biggest things is this unbearable feeling of isolation and loneliness. I think that's the reason that these "freinds" have affected me the way i am. I mean i just lost my job since the store closed down which was also my hang out since i was 10, the girl i was with (she was 18 and all this shit. She has her own place and is going to college. I am not angry or anything and i understand her choices) kinda just cut me out of her life in the past 2 months, and ive been just really low of lately. If you look through my posts you can see that i have posted many times about it.  I just feel like that maybe if i did it every once in a while id maybe enjoy my high school life or life in general. It seems like all the people i know whp do shit are so much happier than me. All the people i use to know are getting high and they are so much happier than me i think.  This may be just some random itch and i am second guessing my past choices which may be frustrating me. Thanks for your output.
Thats rad as fuck
Bump
I love their first EP "I'll get over it I guess" so i was excited as hell for this
Thank you!
Thank you for the input though. I appreciate it. I was actually expecting people to like kinda be rude towards me for some odd reason, so its rad that people and yourself actually gave me a solid answer.
For some reason i love the song Skeleton guy by a landslide.  Hey i suggest looking up Guest House- ill get over it i guess and Grammer - awesome knifes. Both are great
Yo i saw these guys twice at The Mr. Roboto project in Pittsburgh. They are amazing. I love their old stuff. Favorite song off the album next to lets get invisible.
Yea im all good
it's just been hard and shit lately. I just felt like you all deserved an update. thank you for your kind words. It has most definitely taught me something about myself.
Thank you. I hope It does too.
Literally all i do is listen to music. Since i have a sleeping disorder i get 15 hours of music in my life each day. I have longer hair so i can hind ear buds in during my classes. Music has helped me a lot but it can only do so much.
I am extremely unattractive, physically and in my personality. I always fuck everything up and care too much. I always say nothing when i should have said something. I am devoured by fear, shame, and anxiety. I have been abused by all the people i held close. Maybe i deserved it. I have a thin line between empathy and apathy. I either care too much or not at all. I am a horrible person that never wonders why anyone else is sad. I only focus on the pain thats mine. I always think horrible things that make me only hate myself. My self esteem is gone. I do not like anything about myself. Im so damn ugly in everyway. I dislike the way i push everyone away and i hste that i isolate myself. Im so alone and its all my fault. I want to die is the most brutal way. I want to suffer. I deserve it.
Tigers Jaw - Spirit Desire
Dude I fucking Love TWIABP. I saw them in pittsburgh with Posture and the Grizzly and Rozwell kid. Rad show. The Emo Revival is amazing right now with stuff like Free Throw, Tigers Jaw, and all that shit. Love the Masked intruder and Clash poster.
That's cool. Collecting skate decks is pretty fun and they do make great decorations. I would hate to fuck them up.
I thought i should update everyone on here.  We are back together. Not necessarily a relationship but more than friends. She does not like saying its a relationship since she feels like it complicates things. She feels as if that makes it more of a responsibility than two people being together, and that stuff like spending time together and such is more forced than a choice. I agree with her (we are basically in a relationship though). I am taking her out Valentine's day snd we've been happy being back together.  I am still struggling with my depression but trying to hide it more and more. Its difficult but i much rather not explain how i feel to anyone. I may stop seeing my therapist and try to focus on work and school more. I believe that if i just distract myself i can forget about it for a little. I've just been struggling trying to gain motivation, trying to raise my self esteem, fight my anxiety, and keep myself alive. Ive been sleeping and eating less and less but i think ill be okay. I just need to pick myself back up before i let myself slip any farther.   I thank all of you for replying to my post and offering help. Your words have helped me and gave me the insight that i needed to get through this. I thank you all from the bottom of my heart. I wish all of you the best.  If anyone ever wants to talk just inbox me. Thank you all. Goodnight and have a wonderful morning! (its 10:33pm where i live. Ill probably be up for a while die to insomnia and my dumb over thinking paranoid mind)
1. Tatsuhiro Sat from Welcome to the N.H.K 2. TK from angel beats! 3. saito hiraga from the familiar of zero.
Sorority noise - Forgettable
I would love to have one. I am a cheap little lame-o.
Halo 4 custom games? Anyone interested?   I wanted to know if anyone would be interested doing a big team battle, CTF, etc.. custom games. Just on the normal maps with normal game modes. Maybe get a whole lobby of people. Possibly even play different custom game modes. I haven't played in a while and just want to play custom games.
Nice sound
Etna remains untouched
No battle toads.
Question about older console on new T.V.   I'm sorry if this does not belong here, but recently i set up my old gamecube on my 42'' Vizio, and the picture is very blurry. Not only is it blurry, the borders are messed up. Ex. The damage meter(or whatever it is called) on Super Smash brothers. It Is out of the picture. This makes it sorta difficult to play certain games. How do you fix this? Sorry if this doesn't belong here. If needed direct me where to go for help.
Hahaha
Master of Medals be pulling your stings. -medallica
Yea that's what I thought. Since it evolves and has an egg.
Orion would fit it better.
It is a great game. I love it
I want the classic feel of playing it on SNES.
Do you have Xbox