Post Scriptum   I've been on the sea my entire life you see. But worry not,the story of mine starts with no thunderstorms and ten foot waves splashing the deck of my fathers old catamaran. In fact, we made it through one of those last night just fine! Sure, there were moments when i thought the wind will send me flying over the borders and into a salty death, hell I even almost got my head knocked straight of by a rampaging crate that had gotten loose, only to be saved in the nick of time by my reflexes. My ass I'm too old to be on the ship, bet that must have showed them I can still walk that hard walk and talk that smooth talk, but sure they've been awfully quiet all day today, even going as far as complaining about it being cols every time I strolled around. But enough about that, what's been in the past should be left there, even if it was yesterday.   We got off on a tiny Italian harbor, looking just like the one I grew up in. Well I'll be damned, I said as soon as i got off, those church bells look just like the ones we used to throw rocks at to hear them ring, old Augustino and I! Been a long time since I saw him too, something along the lines of cancer or other bullshit they tell you these days when you go to the doc. None of the boys seemed to care for either what I was rambling about nor all the Innkeepers coming to see how our trip had gone, they just pushed through,shoulders wide and still soaken sailor hats in their hands.   I felt not the rush they did. I was just fine with walking around and taking a look at the masses that had gathered around our ship, as if something on it was different than all the rest that docked here every other day. Why on earth do you people take such a liking in the old lady,sure,she aint no pretty gal, but she knows how to keep her head high in a storm!    All these years and you still havent learned when to shut up?   I turned around towards the ship just in time to see two familiar faces, Augustino and Francesco, both my childhood friends.Sheesh, time sure didnt take a toll on either on them, they both looked as young as I remember them, even Francesko who I heard from some fellow sailors was battling some disease he caught going naughty in places he shouldn't have. Must have also kicked the shit out of it while at that, or at least proved those labcoats were just bullshitting again, judging by his looks.   The fuck are you two doing here?Is this some kind of a reunion I came late to?    Well you certainly are the last one to come Vinnie, but fuck it, you sure did choose a more fun way to go than either of have! Augostino said that through a grin that almost made him choke on his own words.   What do y-   As I have said that, a coffin was dropped from the Ship in front of me, making me realize my reflexes are nowhere near what they used to be.
What exactly is a 200$ ebook?
Let them listen to my Shower-Singing
For everyone asking,look at the bullet count
Even the dog looks like it doesn't want to be there
Fantom
So do you come here often?
[H] LOTR War in the North [W] 2x L4D2 or offers   Ill check the offers in the morning,cheers
I woke up to a TV burning in my room.
Sand Kings line,Ill show you fear in a handful of sand is a reference to TS Eliots waste lands,where a character says Ill show you fear in a handful of dust!
oh thanks,ill keep it in mind
ako covek daje sajkacu za snajpera ima par karata od mene!
Yeah,even though i think i watched that episode more than 10 years ago,I remember patamon evolving into a big Angelic digimon to defeat the evil one(it was some sort of a dark castle theme if memory sever right)and ended up deevolving(correct me if im calling it wrong) back to the first stage.No idea how that stuck so long in my head
Oh bro the batteries dont go there,they go in th case which you are lacking,give me a moment to take a picture of my controler   EDIT:Here you go http://imgur.com/CWtHaia   You should contact the person that sold you the controller,you either got screwed over or it was noted in the post
She just has small eyes,heres a close up of her face http://thesecurewalls.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/malena-morgan-awesome.jpg
Its a tactical squad shooter.If you played Ghost Recon before then theres your explanation.If not,well youre basically in a squad with a couple of other people,and you get objectives(Take out other squad,capture locations).Its based in Vegas(duh) spec ops teams and it uses cover systems like Mass Effect(if you played it).Yes,yes it is fun but its an old game nonetheless.
Meh you didn't loose a lot,last time i checked the price difference was 7euros
Glad i could help
Honestly,it was a decent movie.I mean its great when you think about it as a free film,but there were a lot of moments when i had to cut the sound down.Im not talking about the slenderman scenes,heck those were expected but the [ scene where Chases sister cries,i cant remember her name,while they are both tied up was just too much for my headphones. ] (/spoiler)  But all in all,if you like slender man,you will like it.Have fun
But the problem isnt in him accepting him,the real problem is that it makes absolutely no sense to ban someone just for accepting someones friend request.I mean would it make sense to you if you got banned from steam trading because you accepted a scammer?Heck i see the deal Microsoft probably saw,hey this guy stole someones account,now hes probably adding his friends,so lets ban them all so they hate him!Back on the point,they really should have done more research before banning 100 people
Hey its cool bro,good luck
Hey man,you interested in trading your keys for metal?
[H]A whole bunch of items [W] TF2 items   Hya,feel free to add me or post here,but i guess youll get answered faster by adding me.Heres a link to my inventory,everything is good to go,feel free to offer http://steamcommunity.com/id/LordLuka7/inventory/#570
Could you give me the link to the other post?
Its a secret grandma,its a secret.
That sounds real bad man.Well trust me,you can do better than a girl that wont help you go over bad times.Youll find another one,if you didnt already :)
Blade,BLACK panther...
Serbian here,and stereotypes go towards everything here.But it goes more like an internal joke and less as an insult
Hell im up for it if comes to it.Hit me up a pm if it ever happens
Hell to the no.
You guys should try out Lost Planet 2...even though the game received a negative response from the ign/gamespot,two of my friends and I found the campaign quite entertaining.Aspecially if you enjoy Big Boss Battles.  As for it having to be free,well I'd have to say you could always try Spiral Knights...that's the only free coop game that is right now on my mind  Edit: Just remembered,if you don't mind downloading it,you can get Marvels Ultimate Alliance.Now that game is something fun to play,and I'd say its  maybe 3-4 years old
The reason you are getting downvoted is probably becouse you are either trying to sell something you received for free,or becouse you are not posting on the trade sub. I would suppose that you would get a better response there,good luck.