I'm back starting over after a grand total of 5 pounds lost and regained on round one. I'm 61, much older than most folks here, and at 5'6" am weighing in at 202. I have put on the weight gradually over the years. I tend to be sedentary and am a stress eater. My goal is 150, using My Fitness Pal and aiming to walk 10,000 steps a day with a tracker.
O'Reilly Under Fire, Threatens New York Times Reporter
None of the situations you mention is the same as needlessly spreading a very communicable disease to a vulnerable population such as infants or the immunocompromised. The line should actually be drawn not at smoking outside in my vicinity, or at coughing or having the flu, but at putting others at risk of catching an extremely contagious disease that can bring serious complications or even death to vulnerable individuals -- a disease that would be virtually nonexistent in this country if people would resume vaccination at the rate they vaccinated 15 years ago.  Vaccinations -- and the isolation of those with communicable illnesses -- are not a new idea. Ever hear of leper colonies? Modern medicine has come up with vaccinations, so isolation is not needed much anymore -- unless you refuse to partake, and in that case civil society has the right to protect its members from preventable risks. Here's an article about the legal history of compelling vaccinations in our country from the current online Atlantic:  http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2015/02/cowpox-and-the-constitution/385245/
I thought the exact same thing, Eliot_2000. He isn't ignorant, he's an opportunistic, cynical liar who is indifferent to the harm caused by his pandering to the stupid.
That's great! Congratulations!
Reminder: Abortion Restrictions Ruin Womens Lives
GOP Senate's first 100 days: Authorizing the Keystone XL oil pipeline, approving fast-track trade authority, wiping out proposed environmental regulations and repealing the medical device tax top their list.
Best of luck! I also gained everything back after a 28 lb loss several years ago, and I haven't made more than a token effort since then, but today's the day I buckle down too. I'll think of you as I'm trying to retrain my will power!
@bdavisx--as was widely reported, right-wing media immediately declared it was a gang sign, but it turned out to have been a college fraternity sign. So no, not an issue except as a flag for racists.
@eatyourbrain -- Why do you say that? They are not drawing conclusions about the police shootings; the "malpractice" is the failure to compile national stats on police shootings. The government certainly keeps stats on just about everything else.   Here's another piece on the issue by NPR:  http://www.npr.org/2014/08/21/342228794/ferguson-turns-lens-on-police-involved-killings-but-some-facts-are-few In the NPR story, note what the U of Missouri prof says about the lack of info on police shootings:  "I've actually heard police executives say that they don't want to have a national reporting system because then people will compare and say, well, you know, this police department shoots more people than that police department. And it'll lead to problems"
AOL CEO on 401(k) Changes: Blame Obamacare and Two Pregnant Employees Distressed Babies
Another Marlise Munoz? Why one familys tragedy could be only the beginning What happened to the Texas paramedic isn't an exception -- it is the disturbing truth of pregnancy exclusion laws
Krugman: The Undeserving Rich
Thanks for the kind words. I came to reddit after the demise of digg, where, for awhile, substantive discussion did seem possible. I can understand reddit moderators' efforts to prevent flame wars and self-promotion, but I think you need to be careful about banning news and commentary sources. It certainly makes you look biased, even if that is not your intent.  At the very least, the process of determining which sources are legit, and why, should be transparent. What are your criteria for inclusion as a source, and why? Anything short of that looks like prejudice or a hidden agenda.
Public Policy Polling: Republicans see Cruz as Party Leader
GOPs Obamacare conspiracy: Sabotage from the inside--Eight ways Republicans tried to sabotage Obamacare -- and intentionally undermine the law of the land
GOP House Can't Claim to Speak for America: "The ACA is law. End of story. The House Republicans' attempt to nullify a duly-enacted law violates the norms of our constitutional system. It is reckless economically and an egregious affront to our democratic form of government."
What kind of world do these [Republicans] live in? ...prepared to bring our entire system of government to a halt in order to prevent sick people from getting access to treatment? What hallucinating, self-serving monsters have you become?
Subsidizing farmers but not the poor still evil: "The special value of the farm debate is that by combining the GOPs opposition to handouts for the poor with its support for handouts to the nonpoor, it exposes the partys deeper moral views. I find them quite ugly."
Intervention in Syria is like walking into a bar in a foreign country, seeing a brutal fight and saying: Why not hit me instead? ... Already Shiite forces in Iraq are aiming to hit American targets; we will endure terror at home, and surrender freedoms to the intelligence-surveillance state.
Another setback for the GOPs outreach to women (i.e."vaginas")
Brooks is the most intellectually dishonest hack I've ever read. His standard operating procedure is to pose as a reasonable middle of the road guy and then to slip in his real, Republican-water-carrying point and hope that no one notices that he is really pushing the standard right-wing agenda and not some middle ground at all. He's a loathesome toady, and Taibbi gets that.   If you think for a minute that Brooks' disingenuous column was in favor of gay marriage, then I guess you're proof that his sneaky approach does work on some people. Guess it worked on j purdy below too.
Racist NYC EMT's pals harass Post reporter, want her raped and killed
Robert Reich explains why you wont get rich: "The idea that most Americans have been living beyond their means is pure fantasy perpetrated by a small minority at the top whose means have gone through the stratosphere.
Scalias ugly racial cynicism: The Supreme Court justice treats voting rights as a goody given away by pandering politicians
For those saying it would take a constitutional amendment to eliminate the electoral college -- there is another way.   States are allowed to decide how to apportion their electoral votes. To date, 9 states, representing 139 electoral votes, have passed laws giving all their electoral votes to the winner of the popular national popular vote.   This movement is called the National Popular Vote Movement, and it is worth working for: http://www.nationalpopularvote.com/
I have not been shooting but do have a family member who is a hunter.   In my opinion, the previous assault weapon ban was ineffective because NRA-backed members of Congress inserted a lot of loopholes.   I'm not an absolutist on an assault ban, though, and think we should get what we can on this issue, such as universal background checks and improved mental health reporting. I predict that the NRA will come out as strongly against universal background checks, though.  I agree on the gang violence -- I think universal background checks, and a trafficking provision, would help there. I live in the Chicago area, and recently read that a large percentage of Chicago gang guns are purchased from third parties who buy them in largish batches from our gun-lax neighbor, Indiana.
But why would you take out the per capita? Isn't that what matters?   Also here is how the Daily Beast arrived at the numbers I linked to above: "Our methodology was simple: Rather than measure the number of guns, we measured the measure of gun deaths per capita in each state, using the most recent data available from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. That counted for 75 percent of the ranking. The other 25 percent was derived from the Legal Community Against Violence's state-by-state comparison of firearm laws, which ranks all 50 states by their relatively severity, incorporating everything from policies on mental-health background checks to whether loaded guns are allowed in bars."
Debt Ceiling: Hostage Taking Not Like Regular Negotiating
Debt Ceiling Showdown: Republicans Pledge To Extract Cuts From Obama
I hope Obama pays attention: "Recent events have also demonstrated clearly what was already apparent to careful observers: the deficit-scold movement was never really about the deficit. Instead, it was about using deficit fears to shred the social safety net. And letting that happen wouldnt just be bad policy; it would be a betrayal of the Americans who just re-elected a health-reformer president and voted in some of the most progressive senators ever."
Occam's Razor. Simplest and least convoluted explanation makes the most sense to me. I also think it's telling that conservatives seem to be interpreting Romney's statement the same way I do --it's not just the liberals who see it that way. But as you say YMMV.  I also think it's interesting that even your interpretation starts from the same assumption Romney does -- that people always vote only from their own financial self-interest.  It says a lot about the way his type of conservatives vote. I can't find the stats now, but read earlier today that twenty years ago 80-some percent of Republicans believed in some sort of government support for the poor, as opposed to 40-some percent now.   I live in a reasonably high-earning household but I don't support the government giving me a tax break and raising the taxes of the elderly, the young, and the poor so that my family can pay less. I believe in the concept of citizenship and the social compact. The kind of concentration of wealth we have now is not good for our country and will strangle our competitiveness if we allow it to continue.