This is Amy. You are right!  Finding customers is key.   In terms of starting out, customers are often people you know through other experiences. This might be people you have worked with before, friends, family, or previous advisors.  It is often a good idea to test your product on customers in small experiments.  Don't go after a "big" customer until you have the kinks worked out and a number of smaller customers who have offered feedback to improve your product.  Larger businesses will ask about track record and will call customers you have worked with in the past.  Good luck!
Good questions- My advice is to join a startup for a year while applying and see if you like it.  Stanford is very flexible and a number of students are juggling startups and class if they are interested in both.  Plus, a year goes very quickly.  You will gain valuable insight into the world of work and learn what you like to do in a more practical sense.  I'd look at LinkedIn and read widely on TechCrunch and blogs to see what companies appeal to you.  Also, check out venture capital portfolio companies to get an idea for what is in the marketplace now.  My best advice is to find great people to work with!  You will never be "biding time" if you are working with great people who will invest in your learning and growth - regardless of specific business context.   Good luck!
This is Amy.  Set up strong founder and/or co-founder arrangements with early partners.  It is important to have clear definitions starting out and will save a lot of headache later on.  Starting companies requires collaboration but you don't want to feel taken advantage of.  Hire a strong lawyer early.  This is good money spent and communicates fairness if done right.  Good luck!
Thanks for the question.  My research shows that male and female entrepreneurs who  start and scale companies to over $100 million in annual revenue share the same skills.  There are no gender differences that I have studied specifically.  That said, women do not show up in equal number in the "high scale entrepreneurship" category.  There is research that shows one reason for that is less access to funding.  (Women are not as connected in venture capital and angel networks and therefore do not have equal access to capital).  Research also shows that women don't have access to the same networks of advisors.  I would direct you to a new study out of Babson on women entrepreneurs as well as a study conducted by The Kauffman Foundation for more specifics.  Good luck!!!   And we need more female high-scale entrepreneurs.  Go for it!
Thanks for the question.  There is huge potential for scientists and business leaders to work together in more seamless ways.  Bob Langer, pioneer of drug delivery systems and human tissue engineering and founder of the Langer Lab at MIT, is a wonderful example of success at this intersection.  Bob has cofounded 25 companies that have scaled to over $100 million in annual revenue.  He has also licensed technology to over 250 larger pharma companies.  Check out his model as an example.   Specific to your question, one of the things underestimated by scientists (and new entrepreneurs) is the significance of funding. Startups need more funding often than they anticipate and one of the main factors related to startup failure is running out of funding.  Technical transfer and patent law is another area that needs close consideration.  There is huge potential in bringing research into the marketplace!  Scientists and researchers need to first and foremost find good business partners.
This is Amy.  I'm excited about companies such as Theranos, a lab testing company based in Palo Alto, that will use data analytics to fundamentally reshape the healthcare industry. The concept is that if as patients we get lab tests more frequently that we will be able to see the story of disease develop over time with the hope of detecting and eventually preventing it.  I see significant future growth in the intersection of data-science and medical applications.  Companies such as 23andMe have the potential to reshape healthcare but are not stuck in regulatory battles.  As you note, this is changing.  Keep your eyes on biomedical, bioengineering (such as the inventions coming out of Bob Langer's lab at MIT) and data analytics as related to healthcare!   I'm going to!!
This is Amy.  I have launched a couple of new ventures and it often takes longer than you expect to secure revenue. It is obviously best to be revenue positive from day one!!  Some ventures do start that way.  Through my research I can say that the vast majority of successful entrepreneurs test their new businesses as "side-projects" while holding down a full time job.  They experiment in low risk ways before quitting a job or investing significant time or capital.  Good luck!
This is Amy.  To the question of textiles, there are great examples in The Creator's Code of retailers who are making products in the United States.  Under Armour founder Kevin Plank, for example, wants to bring all UA jobs back into Baltimore where his company is based.  Spanx founder Sara Blakely launched her company in the southeast by going door-to-door to get a manufacturer to make her product.     I do see this industry growing in the US through new fabrics as well as wearable technologies.    In terms of smaller businesses partnering with larger companies, this is one of the best ways to scale a startup.  Any time an entrepreneur can find a larger partner who will be a collaborative customer, the odds of success improve dramatically!
This is Amy.  On your first question 1) I would recommend reading Zero to One by Peter Thiel.  It is a solid entrepreneurship book written by one of the great Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and venture capitalists.  There is also solid research around curiosity by George Loewenstein of Carnegie Mellon that I would recommend!     On your second question 2) I would say that love of people and ideas is what fuels my research.  Curiosity is also a big part of it for me - and for the 200 entrepreneurs I interviewed for my book.  When you love your work, it is easier to stay motivated and to take the setbacks that inevitably arise along the path to success.  Good luck!
Good question - as I read in the Economist a while ago, humans overestimate what is achievable in 5 years, and dramatically underestimate for 50 years.  So much could happen in the next 10 years, thanks to all the research ongoing in renewables around the world.  Predictions: i) Big breakthroughs with respect to sodium ion batteries ii) Flexible, cheap, plastic solar cells will become available iii) Water splitting to generate hydrogen fuel will become common iv) Good progress is made to use solar energy to convert CO2 into diesel
Already happening in much of the world, with China leading the way. Good old polycrystalline silicon is a fantastic technology (reliable over 20+ years, good efficiency), but it takes 3-6 years to recoup the energy required to make the cell; after 3-6 years, all the energy produced is 'free/new', which is good.   China is going to probably install almost 17.8 GW this year, which is the equivalent of 18 large nuclear power plants (1 GW each, or so).  That's a lot of power.     http://www.pv-tech.org/news/trina_expects_china_to_hit_2015_solar_deployment_goal
Thanks for the description but send me an email.  Was like a small town - I am sure your name will ring a bell.  Ian, by any chance?
So much interesting work going on with respect to sodium batteries, flow batteries (liquid reagents = liquid batteries that you can refill), and other variants, as well as hydrogen fuels and related storage, etc.  Toshiba was pushing methanol-based fuel cells for portable electronics a few years ago, but that has become dormant, but not dead, in my opinion.  If the energy storage is stationary, heavy is not hugely problematic, but expensive and hard to maintain, that's not good, and needs improvement.  Companies like Tesla have re-energized the field of battery research, and we see many hundreds of manuscripts on batteries of all different flavors.  Hard to say what is going to come out a winner in this busy area.
I must have spaced out and not pressed "save" because I answered this earlier.  If this answer is redundant, I apologize.  What I wrote earlier was that (corny alert) being an editor is really interesting, thanks to all the diverse science I get to read every single day, and due to the incredibly energetic people I am lucky enough to work with, either directly or indirectly, such as my fabulous students, our editors, authors, and editors of other journals who are awe-inspiring, such as Prashant Kamat, Paul Weiss, Laura Kiessling, Kirk Schanze, and others.  I feel obliged to not let people down, and so while it happens that while juggling balls I misjudge and let some fall, you pick them up and keep going.  If I have 2 minutes, 5 minutes, 10 minutes 'free', I try to use it for something (see what new papers have come in, work on a figure for a paper, scan Twitter, etc).  At the end of the day when my brain is like scrambled eggs, I go running 4-5 times/week and that helps.  Family says I am much nicer after the run, which is probably true.  I try to get in about 1-2 hours of work in the evening, which helps a lot - doesn't feel so much like work if it's fun.
I have been a prof in both the US and Canada, and as you know, academics are mobile, and so we are always doing this comparison.  Research in both countries is similar in many ways - funding is tight, but I have found in Alberta that having a local funding agency that offers full graduate student scholarships to be extremely valuable.  If I am lucky enough to have several graduate students with salaries on the order of $35k/year (tax free, for 4 years), then that is direct research support that pushes research forward.  In Canada, it's all about industry matching, so if you can find a good company to work with, you can have sufficient funds to work on that program, and have enough flexible money to work on fundamental projects (which helps support the industry collaboration).  It's hard to find the right company, and I liken it to dating, but if you find a good situation, you can make it work.
I agree that it is not easy, and I wish that I had a shining future to describe.  Some of my best graduates have stayed in Canada, but others went to US companies, and to start labs in China. That said, there is a realization that pushing fossil fuels, climate-be-damned, is not a viable business approach in the long run, and thus even big oil companies are launching renewable energy divisions that actually seem serious (as many are in the US, Europe). I have my fingers crossed that things are changing - certainly the political landscape is changing, which bodes well.
Hi - Kyoung-Shin is a friend of mine, and when I become the editor-in-chief of Chemistry of the Materials, the first new person I recruited to join as an editor was her.  Could I suggest emailing her?  You can tell her that I suggested you do so. She is ultra-busy, but is incredibly thoughtful and thorough.    And I do believe that PECs have huge potential.
Interesting - I have listened to a lot of talks about thorium, and how the cycles are much cleaner with respect to recycling the by-products and waste.    I am not a huge fan of traditional fission nuclear because of the staggering costs to build a 1 GW plant, not to mention the spent fuel storage problems, and the fact that we would have to start the building of a new nuclear power every 1.5 days until 2050 to generate 7 TW of electricity (humanity currently burns about 15 TW, and that number will at least double by 2050) - these numbers come from Dan Nocera's publications if you want to look them up.  So, if thorium is cheaper with respect to infrastructure and operation, and avoids nasty radioactive waste that requires long-term storage, then I would like to know more.
Depends where you are, and you never know.  We work with a local company that has a spin-off with BASF, but I had no idea that they were there - we work on renewables. So, don't discount talking with small companies - they may be working on interesting projects that they haven't hyped yet because the work is not sufficiently developed.  On the other hand, one of the former undergrad researchers in my group just started at Tesla, as an example.
Citizen science rocks, and there is nothing condescending about this statement - I have subscribed to the SETI project in the past, and try to help out with local citizen science projects because they are a great way to learn about other areas of science.  The Clean Energy Project is a great way to make a contribution, and to learn about what is going on.  Never a bad thing to be involved in good science at any level.    This guy doing citizen science got his name on a Science paper: http://www.cbc.ca/news/technology/stardust-citizen-scientist-finds-first-dust-from-outside-solar-system-1.2736547  Cool.
Agreed that they will be different.  There will most likely be no magic silver bullet to solve each problem - are you talking portable (vehicle?) storage? Grid-level storage? Remote storage (Antarctica, small village cut off from grid)?  Each will have a different answer, and thus R D for a host of different scenarios is most likely the right approach.
I do say to fusion scientists/colleagues, with a tiny bit of good nature, that we already have an amazingly powerful fusion reactor, and that of course is the sun.  That said, I personally admire the idea of fusion, and support the research ongoing at ITER (https://www.iter.org) and other places, but since the first experiments are not going to even be run until 2027, I would like to see us effectively use our single biggest source of energy at our disposal - solar energy hitting terrestrial earth, all the time.    There has been, however, press about Lockheed Martin being on the verge of portable fusion:  http://lockheedmartin.ca/us/products/compact-fusion.html  http://www.eweek.com/news/lockheed-martin-claims-sustainable-fusion-is-within-its-grasp.html  Wish that I knew more about that. The details are being kept quiet.
Wow - incredibly futuristic questions.  Let me try to tackle them, but please remember that I don't own a crystal ball yet to see into the future.  If anyone has one, please let me know if I can borrow it.    1) There has been concern for some time about nanomaterials in the environments.  There are, already, plenty of nanomaterials naturally occurring (soot from our forest fires, for instance, are full of nanoscale carbon and inorganic oxides), and of course rock dust, etc.  That said, I would prefer that we err on the side of caution when considering mass production of new materials, with concomitant releases into the ecosystem.  But, if the nanomaterials are confined, and accompanied with a very good quality recycling program (a la Germany, for instance), the risk is certainly minimized.  ii) CO2 emissions worry me much more with respect to warming.  Since people are talking about interfacing thermoelectrics with solar to scavenge heat and convert to electricity, perhaps this problem (and I am not sure it is really a problem) can be managed and used to its advantage to generate even more power.  Think of how many black roads we have criss-crossing the globe, and dark flat roofs - do the numbers compare?  iii) Modular interfaces - my better half is an electrical engineer, and he believes that the solutions to make interfacing easy are coming because they have to.  Remember cell phones and the staggering array of chargers and batteries for sale at Future Shop - that was awful.  If that can be avoided, we will be better off - agreed.   iv) Wireless charging, just like what Nikola Tesla himself so beautifully demonstrated over a century ago, is interesting.  What you are proposing is fascinating, and I leave it to the big-thinking electrical engineer types to work that out.    v) Solar and wind are democratic energy sources for the most part, and certainly more than fossil fuels.  Inexpensive solar will level the energy playing field - Tata in India is looking closely at solar fuels, solar energy. Look at what China is doing in the area of solar cell deployment.  I see personalized energy, enabled by solar power, as the equivalent to the cell phone - forget the landline (the power grid), and just generate your own power locally.  Now that would help global inequality, and increase the chances of long-term survival of humanity and mankind.
Agreed - in many jurisdictions, solar is cost-competitive with legacy fossil fuels.
There is a lot of work going in the area of inorganic light absorbers for solar cells, particularly those that are non-toxic and earth-abundant (i.e., lots of the element in the earth's crust, such as iron, copper, nickel, etc).  Good old fool's gold (iron pyrite), a staple in every kid's rock collection, is making a comeback as it has great light absorption characteristics, but has problems related to annoying surface defects that wreck the output of the cell.  Another area is catalysis - catalysts that can make water splitting (into hydrogen and oxygen gases) efficient, and people have shown that iron and nickel oxides are effective.  That's neat.
Agreed that if you are still using fossil fuels to generate electricity, then the savings with respect to CO2 emissions are not great.  Automotive people do say, however, that electric cars are more efficient with respect to energy usage as the pesky heat problems in a combustion engine are basically non-existent.  So, there are some savings with respect to energy usage/CO2 emissions if you use an electric car. But, as for your question about the Powerwall, as a stand-alone battery, it's not ideal.    But, others see the Powerwall as a baby step towards the long range goal, which is renewable electricity generation interfaced with a home energy storage system.  Here is a Toyota home prototype "Smart House".  Of course this is a demo, but people are thinking, and trying things out.    http://www.toyota-global.com/innovation/environmental_technology/plugin_hybrid/magazine05.htmlglo  I love this idea - having these concepts on the shelf are important.
Both! Depends. How terrible an answer is that?  Let me give you a few scenarios - in northern Canada, we have thousands of isolated communities that generate electricity locally using diesel-powered generators; the diesel is driven up on ice roads in the winter, and the cost per kWh is ridiculous - $ 0.35 kWh to $1 kWh.  Even if they can only use solar for 6 months of the year during their very long summer days and the tails on either end, it would save a lot of money, not to mention the associated CO2 emissions.    The Sahara has been considered many, many times, as an enormous solar farm to generate power for Africa and Europe, but political instability and inefficiencies have stood in the way. In this piece by Nate Lewis in the Materials Research Society Bulletin, called "Powering the Planet", he quotes the Sutton Principle: True or not, the story goes that when the clean-cut, polite bank robber, Willy Sutton was caught, he was asked by a reporter why he robbed banks. His response: "Because that is where the money is".  The Sahara and other desert areas are huge sources of energy; our planet is small, and the population continues to grow and industrialize, so eventually we will get our ducks in a row and use it.  We will have to.    nsl.caltech.edu/_media/energy:ptp-mrs-bulletin-oct-2007.pdf  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Desertec http://www.voanews.com/content/solar-power-plant-in-africa-to-supply-europe/2500171.html
Now that is funny.  Those poor little fish, but we never really caught many, did we?  And no, but science was always what mattered.
There is a revolution going on in the materials/energy field that is taking place as a result of recent developments in computational methods.  Alan Asparu-Guzik's Clean Energy Project, which you mention, is incredibly interesting thanks to the power of distributed computing, but I should also mention materials genomics.  Kristin Persson and Gerbrand Ceder founded The Materials Project, which could revolutionize the search for materials. To quote the website directly: "Harnessing the power of supercomputing and state of the art electronic structure methods, the Materials Project provides open web-based access to computed information on known and predicted materials as well as powerful analysis tools to inspire and design novel materials."  https://www.materialsproject.org  This approach is really cool.
Hydrogen fuel, when pressurized, has the same energy density as liquid hydrocarbons.  H2 can be generated via solar-driven water splitting, and when H2 is burned (either directly, or via a fuel cell), it produces only H2O, which is carbon neutral.  Here are a few useful links:  The Sustainocene: era of personalized energy: Daniel Nocera at TEDxCaFoscariU https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u92O8LSkezY  Keep an eye on this younger upstart in the solar fuels field (Curtis Berlinguette): http://people.ucalgary.ca/~cberling/  And his company, Firewater Fuels: http://www.fwfuel.com  A detailed chemistry-focused review by Nocera is this one: Solar Energy Supply and Storage for the Legacy and Nonlegacy Worlds http://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/cr100246c
Interesting question that depends upon geography and your local situation.  2/3 of the world is not linked to the grid (power grid), and thus the concept of 'personalized energy' is extremely compelling, in the sense that the way that cell phones have enabled leap-frogging of landlines in much of the world, personalized energy generation may be able to do the same thing.  Inexpensive energy generation that can power lights, store power throughout the day to run household items, etc, does not require ultrahigh efficiency solar cells.  A 5x6 m2 roof with moderate efficiency solar cells (10%) can power even an energy-hungry US/Canadian household on an annualized basis, so don't discount the importance of cheap, stationary energy generation that just sits there, generating power, even if it is not 'high efficiency'.  According to the UN, having a light source a night is a huge factor in keeping kids in school.   For grid people, the answer is convoluted by price comparisons with fossil fuel electricity generation.  I strongly believe that we should be using solar energy as it is the single biggest energy source available to humanity, which has the added bonus of being carbon neutral (!), but the way our economy is structured at present, we will use the cheapest form of power.  So, I strongly support the idea of solar farms in deserts, factory rooftops, new house construction (much cheaper to install during construction as opposed to an after-fit); reality, however, dictates, that these farms need to be economical and cost competitive, which is a challenge without charging for CO2 emissions (i.e., a price on carbon emissions, which is essential).
Storage, of course, is a huge issue.  For solar, the two big problems, of course, are clouds and the diurnal cycle of the earth (i.e., night!).  In addition, for mobile applications, storage is essential at all times. It is interesting to watch what is going on with respect to solar-powered water splitting (electrolysis of water) to generate hydrogen.  What I will call the "Dan Nocera/Nate Lewis" vision is one of cheap solar cells that generate electricity to split water into hydrogen and oxygen; the hydrogen can be stored in a tank under your lawn, under a park, village square, etc, and then fed back into inexpensive fuel cells to generate electricity on demand.  Some good overview links include: Nocera TEDx talk: (http://tedxtalks.ted.com/video/The-Sustainocene-era-of-perso-2), Lewis Lab: (http://nsl.caltech.edu/energy).