It's true that the focus is on the 3 new leads. That has been made apparent. As for the originals. I think that one of them will die but the others may carry on or have cameos in the other movies.   Personally, I'd love to see them as integral parts of the whole Trilogy but my expectations are realistic and I'm just glad they are all in this one at least
Yea, it's not as good as season 1 but I knew before I even starting watching that it wouldn't be because season 1 was one of the most entertaining seasons of a show I've ever seen.    This season has been different, it's a little slower but I've quite enjoyed it. The acting/cast is superb and the story has a slow unraveling.   It's intriguing and interesting each week but it's held down by expectations from it's superior first season. Let go of that and it's a really good season of tv
Tommy Boy
I loved it. I haven't seen it in a few years but it was a great movie back in the day.
I've read the first 5 about three or four times and the 6th and 7th just once. I think I need to get back on it again
Ant Man, Mission Impossible: Rogue Nation, Trainwreck, Vacation, Star Wars: The Force Awakens, The Hateful Eight, The Revenant, Bridge of Spies, Spectre (How did I forget that one?)
I am excited for any new Star Wars at this point but when the Han Solo solo movie was rumored I wasn't fond of it. But the way that The Force Awakens looks from the trailers, the casting for Rogue One, and the directors choice for this one, I'm now bumped up to cautiously optimistic. No matter what, I'll still see it, but it really depends on who they cast if I'm going to be fully on board. I think they need to get someone who fits the role like Harrison Ford rather than getting someone who does a Harrison Ford impression.
Oh, don't get me wrong, he plays a great bad guy and I can't wait to see this movie, but it would have been a nice change of pace to see him as a hero
Absolutely agree!
We never actually saw a working Skynet headquarters other than in Salvation. The terminators are a product of Skynet which is the main software. So it having a "face and name" is logical to control everything. It could have been text too but it's easier for the audience.   Yes, it was a T800 but it was also the first T800 and John had already fought more advanced ones. They learned each time and became more advanced. And is not as if the T-800 ever took a beating or got beat. Also, that was only the first attempt to catch John Connor. All of the other attempts are technically in Skynet's future.
This was the major thing that took me out of the movie. I could believe  everything else happening within this world but that character just was too far fetched and cheesy for me.   I get that armies used to have battle music and this is supposed to be an homage to that but still it doesn't work. In a World where everything is decrepit and scarce, they somehow have an electric guitar/flamethrower with tons of amps and drummer's on the back.   Not only that, but they have people who are specifically doing that rather than fighting in this brutal age. And they weren't "going to war"  and having the typical standoff that traditionally had battle music, but were quickly chasing after an attempted escape. BUT they had enough time to gear up the guitar rig?  Of everything that is out there in this movie, this was the one thing that I just couldn't make sense of, even within this world.  Edit: Also, I'm a guitar player who likes rock music, so of anyone, this should have resonated with me but it just took me out of it.
It's all worth it. And to put you at ease, Season 7 is my favorite season. 8 and 9 were really good and 10 was awesome. Season 2 is where it gets good and Season 3 is when it begins its legendary status.
Alison Brie "Sleeping with Other People" Trailer Caps
Community, Party Down, It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, Workaholics, Broad City, Parks and Recreation, Arrested Development, Chuck
There is some truth to what you say about weight but I think they did a great job making it the most realistic they can. I too love Jurassic Park, but like I said to someone else on here, the effects impress us because we still think in that time while watching it and the memory of being impressed. If Jurassic Park came out today for the first time with the same effects, it would sadly be criticized for lack of realism.   Lastly, I am a huge fan of all of the JP movies. I was 3 when the first one came out and it was probably the first movie I ever saw. I also have seen it and the sequels over 30 times. I was very impressed by this movie and pleased as a fan, not just as a mass audience member.
I actually thought it was great. The cameos were plentiful for sure but most never took up more time than needed. I liked Ronda Rousey (although you are right, she is not great at acting). For me, I always loved the characters but the last few seasons missed what I personally loved about the show, the behind the scenes of getting a movie made. This movie brought that back and I really enjoyed it more than seasons 6-8. Yea, it didn't have a whole lot of heart but what it did was well done (Johnny's arc in particular). The connection of Vince's troubles is shown slightly in the Piers Morgan show but it doesn't weigh on that because there is not enough time. That would only fit in in the series and if it were in the movie, it would have been even more "crammed" as you said. This movie is a glimpse into the end stages of a movie and being that we know the characters and can't follow the entire production, we are caught up pretty well.   I never felt that it was to crammed or half assed but that's just my opinion.
That "someone else" exists. Their name is Sony. They forced things into the movie that Sam Raimi did not want to do
You clearly never watched the show then. Yes, the show does include the party lifestyle of a good looking Hollywood actor and his buddies. But to generalize that as the entirety of the show is moronic. Especially not having seen it. You also need to keep it mind it's a comedy show with drama interwoven. Not just a drama show.   Let me put it this way, I think The Big Bang Theory is the worst show on television, but I had the sense and respect enough to watch episodes of it here and there to gauge my opinion on the show. I go in with an open mind and come out still not liking it, but at least I give it an honest shot.
SwiftKey Beta
Baconreader is a simple design. May not look as nice as Sync but it has great functionality and much more options and settings than others.   Link me: Baconreader
That just puts a big smile on my face, haha!
They are a sponsor of the show, it happens all the time. Subway is the biggest one, popping up for funny spotlights in Chuck, Pawn Stars, etc. The difference is that I've never seen another example of building story around advertisers other than Community with Subway and now Honda. Dan knows they need advertisers and product placement to survive so like I said, he shines a light on it and makes a story out of it. It's either that or they have to shamefully and awkwardly put their products in multiple episodes and mention them. You make that part of the story and it's hilarious
In a thread that most everyone else is just listing a title of a movie, I did the same. I was not prompted, if you would actually read the other comments, you would see that I said my reasons on my own. I hope next time you try to post a "clever" retort, you actually read the rest of the comment chain to make sure what you are posting about hasn't already been covered. That's how Adults sound reasonable. But I forgive you
I saw an Advanced Screening last week. If you are a fan of the series, you will like it, as I did. It's not a perfect movie but is a very fun return of the characters with a solid story, great cameos, and the return of my favorite part of Entourage, the behind the scenes of making movies. I loved seasons 1-5 and the rest were alright mainly for the characters. But go see the movie. It's good
/r/MadMax
It was entertaining but an okay movie for me all together. I had never seen the originals but was told that I didn't need to. It had some good acting and action but it just didn't blow me away.   And I agree with the others, way too many posts on here about Mad Max. Either head over to /r/moviescirclejerk or /r/MadMax
I'd like to see a Season 7 or a Movie. Basically, if we are lucky enough to get any sort of more Community, I'll be very happy!   Also, I don't think anyone has given up on Community, It's more so that we won! We were on the brink of cancellation so many times until we finally did get canceled, then brought back to life for a very well received and reviewed season 6. We beat the system, anything now is extra which I'm sure we are all thankful for
Guillermo Del Toro
I saw the movie and thought it was okay. The cast was great, the Cinematography was great, the action sequences were far too many but decent, the plot was lacking, and mostly it was just plain weird. It was entertaining for sure, and I'll probably get downvoted for this since everyone around thinks it's the greatest movie ever, but to me it wasn't.   Before you come at me hard, I didn't say it sucked and I know I'm in the minority.
Good to hear from a similar point of view. I think I'll give it a try.
Yea, a bunch are core apps and pre-installed ones that you can't remove. Then I have pretty much every streaming app (Netflix, Hulu, Yahoo Screen, Flixster, Chromecast,  etc).   But some of my favorites are Twee (for tracking the TV shows you watch. It has an awesome widget that tells you what shows are on what days), Paperboy (RSS/Feedly reader for news articles, best one I've found), obviously Baconreader for Reddit, SwiftKey Keyboard, Google Keep for Notes, and Popup Widget (let's you add the normal icon for an app to your home screen but when you tap it, it opens up the widget for that app as a pop up, really cool and great space saver on your home screen)
Yea, some movies are or do both but it's not always an option nor is it as regular as IMAX 3D as an option.