Gave in to that, too. Didn't really help and I realized that I've missed out too much...
Aww congratulations! :)
Thank you! :)))
Don't give up on exploring your personality, it can be a lifetime journey and can still make a lot of fun, especially with people close to you. :) *Existing* is not the ultimate, you'd miss out too much. :) Have a great week!
I'm kind of jealous of her.. :)
Not too long; did read - Oh my gosh.. hahaha thank God no one sees my blushing... I wasn't ranting and raving at you anyway. :) I'm really sorry I expressed it so poorly (English is not my native language, unfortunately). I just had the urge to tell him, that what he said was neither nice, nor productive. Obviously. And now that I understand, your reply was actually really funny! :D  You don't have to be sorry, by all means, and please don't call your thoughts 'shenanigans' (I hope you weren't serious about that, as well), I learned something new thanks to you! :)) *googles Kawaiisu*
Doesn't really matter, if he/she missed it or not. This is not a nice way to talk to someone, especially when someone talks about his/her feelings!   If everything was that easy, we could just tell ourselves "to harden the fuck up", but that's not always the case, as we know. If "IamDolos" is in the mood to not take people's feelings seriously, he/she can do that with himself, but definitely not with someone else.  Sorry, no harm meant.
Who do you think you are?
Hahaha :) Have you ever thought he could become quite "famous and successful" with just the way he is?! This is so great and restores my hope!
That's amazing. :) Louis is for sure very special! I'd love to hang out with him, anywhere random in the whole wide world and have a coffee! Such a laid back and interesting person...
FunForLouis!! :) He travels around the world and captures it with his camera. Lots of great shots and adventures to see!
Maybe she is not only concerned about whether something is effective, but also whether she is still in the right light? And maybe she just doesn't like, that you're doing good on your own (without her help), rather than *what* you are doing...   It's good, you're not gonna give her more infos, it makes you and your projects less "vulnerable". But still keep an eye on her behaviour... manipulative people don't like it, when things don't go their way and could not only sabotage projects, but also damage reputations.  I'm glad, that you know what I meant with "distance"! :) And I genuinely hope things will work out great for you.
absolutely amazing! thank you so much for sharing!
maybe it's true, that someone has more friends then you, or has accomplished more. but does that mean, you're not as equally great as anyone else in your OWN way? does that mean, your life can't still be fabulous? :)
As you said it, it does require a lot of commitment, especially mentally, because you have to treat the kids deliberately and need to listen carefully. I think, if someones not able to fully concentrate on the kids (for whatever reason), the person of reference is more likely to act pedagogically irresponsible... and since they are more or less responsible for the kids  development, they must thrust aside their personal problems.
"Can I tell you what I think?" love this one
great!
Right, every song is special. :)
Oh how could I forget this one!
Depeche Mode - Enjoy The Silence  Bon Iver - Blood Bank  Ben Howard - Keep Your Head Up  Daughter - Youth  Jose Gonzalez - Far Away + Heartbeats  Matt Corby - Made of Stone + Lonely Boy (Black Keys Cover)  Sia - Breathe Me  Passenger - All The Little Lights + Let Her Go + The Wrong Direction +  Things You've Never Done + Caravan  Johnny Cash - Hurt + One  Gorillaz - On Melancholy Hill + Feel Good Inc.  MGMT - Kids  Red Hot Chili Peppers - Desecration Smile + Snow  Billy Talent - Surrender  Placebo - Song To Say Goodbye + Meds  Chroph - Absence Of Gravity  Natalie Dawn - Lovesong (The Cure Cover)
so timeless in my opinion.
How could someone here tell you to just go and die...  I feel the same. I'm stuck here and everything else around me is kind of moving forward. Got my high-school diploma in my pocket for over two years now and I'm trying to make it to uni for one and a half year now to study social work, but the expectations are high (and my average too bad). Oh and I'm social phobic, which makes everything a bit worse.    What I'm acutally trying to say is that it's not that easy to completely ignore the outside factors, since we are quite on the emotional side and I definitely understand your desire to just move away and leave all these negative things behind.  Maybe we should both do things step by step, plan little things and not all at once, so we don't hold ourselves back, because we think nothing's not gonna work anyway. J. K. Rowling (writer of the Harry Potter books, in case you didn't know) once said: "It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all - in which case, you fail by default."   I'm definitely keeping this in mind.    (Sorry for any mistakes. Lack of sleep and English is not my native language)
I'd go as Poison Ivy, or as kind of like a chic vampire.. But I'm probably going to stay at home, make myself some tea and watch a nice movie like "Sweeney Todd", "The Nightmare Before Christmas" or "Sleepy Hollow".
I've seen that, it looks beautiful. :) But haven't tried it yet!  Most of the time I prefer black tea with milk. But when I need something fancy, I drink a mixture of teas which are made by a "herb witch" (she calls herself like that) here in our village. One of my favourites among these is called "chimney fire".
Oh I'm definitely going to watch this movie. Thank you so much for sharing!
I think same can go for arrogance. Now I'm not a psychologist, but I'm still pretty sure that behind that arrogant mask, an insecurity is hidden.
this is a cool idea! Would be interesting to see how the communication between only introverts goes.
Yes, I also think it should be used a little bit cautiously. :)
Thank you so much for sharing your opinion! I agree that it takes not that much to be plain sarcastic, but more to put sarcasm sophisticatedly to use. Overall I still think, "plain sarcasm" shouldn't be taken too seriously, when it's not used in a harming way.
thank you very much for your "2 cents". :)
Sounds awesome! I'm glad for you. :)
This helps me, too. :) Also, darkening the room and lots of fresh air!