Top Ten New Technology Opportunities In Legal Cannabis
Gas Pipe owner dodged serious trouble for decades
I got high with the Beach Boys
Chicago Prosecutor Seeks To Relax Marijuana Penalties
hell yeah
aggreed
Marijuana Bill Gains Momentum In Congress
i did a quick search and found this, http://abcnews.go.com/Health/Healthday/story?id=7875829 page=1 it old but to your point.
Man kills self in Colorado after eating pot candies: coroner
Watch suspects in high-speed chase toss bales of marijuana from truck
Ex-NFL Player Nate Jackson Says He Smoked Marijuana To Avoid Prescription Drug Addiction
Legal Marijuana Is The Fastest-Growing Industry In The U.S.: Report
Is the Great Pacific Garbage Patch really a "plastic island"?
News Flash: People all over the world smoke cannabis
This Drug Could Outsell Medical Marijuana
Pot has practically gone mainstream
marijuana and golf represent a perfect combo
use to be underground now its cool... #fore20
Texas Hopes to Spark Legalization
exactly, self report is always an issue. however i assume the numbers are always low in this type of situation. but people are becoming more comfortable talking about cannabis as more and more states are changing their laws. and as a side note, as a former lax player that stat is true.
When in Colorado...
the weeds are spreading
I feel ya! I wait for the turn and stick with the less is more theory!
anything and everything...!!! #fore20
nice literal interpretation
Golfers are NOT squeaky clean
tons of great gold in vegas, and some courses let you gamble while you play!
Marijuana as performance enhancing drug...
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/01/06/susie-ogren-tiger-woods-t_n_412791.html
It's not just us Pro Golfers smoke weed too
trust us we arent encouraging anything, just a simple equation of supply and demand. if you think golfers arent smoking on the course than you have your head deep in the bunker! fore20
i wouldn't want to debate which is better, however they are different. the pitch n puff is cheap $10, brass (making it indestructible), and as you say has a novelty appeal. I take a clean one wherever i travel and leave it there, cant do that with a vap and wouldent want to with anything but a cig bat, but the pitch n puff has a much bigger bowl than a bat... try one out and let us know. fore20