Eggs
Summer comes first
I've know NattyFat too! She's such a health expert. And since everything the eats is healthy, the more she eats, the healthier she becomes! Duh, it's SO LOGICAL.  I dropped this story into rant wednesday on rFitness; but she lurks in my works kitchen too.  When I make peanut PB J she'll let me know that almond butter is much healthier and ask why I'm loading up on the protein.
Oh, no offense taken.  It's funny how you go on hearing and saying things without ever really thinking about what it is that's being said.  Like that old McDonald's jingle, "two all beef patties...blah blah...on a seseme-seed bun."  I'll start saying in from now on.
Bacon egg   cheddar on croissant
[Slow clap]
That's a good honest slogan.  [edit] but I think Seaside heights holds that crown.
Haha, great map.   Yea, Wildwood has really gone down hill.  Also, I grew up on the Jersey Shore. And it's not like the TV show.  Sure, I used to go to Seaside Heights (where the show was filmed) in high school, but we all knew it was a trashy good time. I spent my summers on LBI though.
Costco baby!
VII / X
It's a tough call because you're making a duck face in both pictures.   In the second photo, the larger zoom makes it harder to see your duck face but it also reveals the large urine stain on your mattress.   It's a really hard decision. Personally, I'd go with #2, as the urine stain is less embarrassing than the closeup duck face.
Those calves...
They're those little purple potatoes with onions and rosemary.
5.5 / 10.  You'd do very well to get in shape.
Hi. Full disclosure, I've not been overweight for about 20 yrs now, but I do have a solid command over my body weight and composition.  Over the past 7 years I've had 35lbs worth of weight fluctuation while maintaining a body fat of 10%.   I see diet and exercise discussed a lot on this/related subs, but there is a powerful tool that is not often discussed here. I'm talking about the mental/psychological/spiritual aspect of controlling your body. I've been regularly meditating for over half my life now. Along these lines, fasting has been used as a tool to reach a higher plain of consciousness for millennia. The key here is to understand that your body and your consciousness (soul to some people) are completely separate. Once you begin to deny your body, in controlled periods, this becomes more apparent. I fast for spiritual reasons, and also I'm very active and eat well, but there is that added benefit of running a controlled drastic calorie defect - you shed fat quickly.  Other benefits of sharpening this tool include avoiding that 3 week on/off cycle of self control.   Note; techniques like this aren't for everyone and meditation, I've been told, is hard for people to just jump into. But if you're interested in hearing more, feel free to message me or comment back.
That's brilliant.
6.5
I don't think it's "funny" to hate people because they're ~~big~~ **fat**.  I think it's necessary to have an outlet to pushback against "fat acceptance," which is really just a phrase describing fat bullies forcing society to accept their irresponsible, gluttonous, and destructive lifestyle.  It's nice to sit here and say, "oh, everyone's beautiful and healthy and a product of genetics" but the stark reality is that if we continue on our current fat path, society is doomed.
Acting stupid/childish.
Can we consolidate?
Nice beer choice.
Reddit, does your cat make too much noise!?!
Two for cake.
Good one.
Haha, yea man, thanks. Keep being awesome!
Dude, when I was your age I used to think of all these things I could do to look older.  Be patient really is a virtue and it *will* pay off.    I'm m31 living in NYC. I didn't stop growing until I was like 24 and didn't get my true confidence until maybe 27 but now, it's like I can have any girl I want. I love it.  Keep up the gym, stay active, stretch and above all, just believe in yourself - life can get SO awesome!
You're young and beautiful.  Please don't go putting on a lot of makeup.  You don't need it and I see so many girls killing they're natural beauty by wearing paint. Also, at 6'4" - I can really appreciate a tall beauty.  9.5/10
8/10 - I'd smash
Really. You are a joke and you're hilarious. In a sad way. The other comments ring true and honest. The fact is that I have very high self esteem, I frequently get requests to model, and I'm drowning in pussy. Maybe a slight narcissism exists but there is nothing 'quite tragic' about seeking approval and showing off ones hard earned abs in this sub is to be expected.  Btw; you're full of shit with your obvious contradiction:  I wouldn't say you're ugly because that is unfair  vs   you can't accept that you're ugly  You're pathetic.  Get help.
Athletic high (runners, swimmers, fighters, etc).
I agree.  That can't be working for her.  She'll either have to be less of a bitch or be hotter.
You're beautiful.  9/10.