low-skill factory job but those jobs simply don't exist anymore.  This is what most people don't realize.  Low skill jobs are routinely being replaced by robots.  There is coming a time where we need to seriously take into consideration that we have more people than we have jobs.
CHOO CHOO!!!
Fuck off.  This "anti vote brigading" thing is bullshit.  It's on reddit, it came from another link on reddit, we're encouraged to cross post, so others who come here from other parts of reddit should be encouraged to upvote/downvote and comment as they freely please.  The admins of reddit also need to know that the whole np domain, etc is fucking stupid as well.  People should be downvoting this bot as well, so that he gets caught in the spam filter.
There are tons of computers out there with 2gb of ram or less.  In fact, I'd say it's more rare to have over 4gb of memory in a machine.  A brand new machine...sure.  But there are far more _not brand new_ machines being used right now than those.  So no, there's no way in hell that's a "rare use case".  I know of an installation of 100+ kiosks that are using raspberry pis with firefox as their front end.
Don't feel this way.  It's just a new way of doing things.  A far more powerful, amazing way of doing things.  Keep at it.  I didn't get it on my first distro, went back to Windows over and over again - but this was back during the Mandrake Linux years. (changed to Mandriva, and now defunct)   Nowadays, you can install most distros and end up with a really nice looking graphical interface and actually be completely set up from the get go.  Once you're there, if you have any issues...google for them, and as long as your google fu is strong then it's likely the answer is already posted in the arch or gentoo forums.
http://bukobot.com/nozzle-cleaning  You should do your best to perform a cold pull of the filament.  I don't know if any kind of design decisions make this useful on a UM2.  But generally this is how you fix a clogged nozzle.  When printing woodfill, purge with a different filament once you're done.  I've heard many people having problems after printing with it, and then leaving it in the nozzle.  I don't know if it's some sort of one-way curing process that it goes through or what.
I hate birds worse. Do you know what it feels like to have to drive 15 mph 10 miles, down a perfectly smooth beach road when there is no traffic? Well I know. Why? Because fucking birds.  That's weird.  On most beach roads here, the speed limit is 15mph anyways.  Because of tourists, not birds.
Yes, lets immediately jump to how I must be some sort of corporate oil shill!  I guess you haven't read any of my comment history.  How about I start with this little blurb:   Solar, Wind, Geothermal, Hydro, Tidal, etc are all very easily potential sources of energy that could today produce reliable, clean energy were enough investment thrown into it. Additionally, just like the "cash for clunkers" program that was run, we could easily incentivize better power usage by giving people money in order to destroy power-hungry appliances, upgrade houses efficiency ratings, etc. Already, the power usage is tipping in favor of solar so much that electric companies are raising their rates. The more they raise their rates, the more people go solar. The more people go solar, the more they raise their rates. It's a vicious cycle that will eventually end up with renewables winning. Without the need for some monopolistic power company to dictate pricing, waste millions of tax dollars, etc.  Go ahead, tell me how much of an oil shill I am.  You know what that's a sign of?  It's a sign of someone who doesn't have a fucking argument to stand on and resorts to inane bullshit statements like your own.
It's not about speed, it's about position in line.  Speed is often used as a method to get that extra position, but it's worth it.  Especially once you sync with all the yellow lights and leave the traffic behind you at red lights never to be seen again.  Advanced drivers just use a better combination of factors including car types, which lanes are fastest, are adjacent to popular turn lanes, in addition to speed.  That guy is waiting at the stop with you, sure - but when it turns green, he doesn't have to wait for 10 other people who are likely all paying more attention to facebook on their smartphones than traffic.
http://i.imgur.com/N0orCMk.gif
All I fucking want, is a Linux phone with the ability to hook up to an external display and peripherals.  With the proper native resolution of the display, proper scaling of fonts, etc.  So I can just take my computer everywhere I go.  I'm used to my EEE 900a, with its bullshit 1.6ghz single core ATOM processor - at this point I'm almost certain that my quad core 1.9ghz with 3gb of ram is actually faster.  I would be so happy...they started to kind of do this with the Motorola Atrix, but abandoned it.  I've looked into possibly getting a native X.org compiled, but that looks like it's quite difficult as well. :(
Are there sensors which work on convergence of a beam of light, or similar?  Or some sort of tiny viewing angle and an angled beam so that distance of the toolhead determines the beams location on the bed?  I've looked for so many different phrasings of "range finder" and "optical distance sensor", etc that perhaps I might be missing the name of a specific technology that I could further find info on.  Or, an optical focuser that uses a short-throw optical lens that adjusts, finds optimal focus of a dot, and determines distance from that?  I've looked for all sorts of ICs that may implement this kind of thing and have come up short handed.
Thank you!  For a second there, scrolling through the comments I was afraid I wouldn't find this...
The noise level has nothing to do with being a Delta or a Cartesian.  It has to do more with the quality of parts used for linear motion.  Rollers on T-slot are going to be more silent than LM8UUs on linear rail and they're going to be dampened by the longer belts on the Max. (Going by the list of printers you have in your flair)  And yeah, the arms of a delta are what stop you from mounting an extruder at the end effector for direct extrusion.  You have to account for all arms being vertical at any point in the build volume.  So your entire extruder mechanism has to fit in that vertical space, nothing hanging out.  Then, once you've done that - you're putting substantial load on arms that people are already complaining about having flex in them.  You can somewhat get around this by doing the weird rubber medical hose mounting of the extruder assembly above the end effector, but that just looks weird.  (Though, I'm all for looking weird if it gets the job done!)
It's more like research for the RepRap project.  Always looking for new ways of curing resin, or depositing filament.  If I manage to figure out some new alternative method and people can build a 3D printer for $200 less than they could before, it's a win for everyone.
You get your sleezy FACTS out of here!  Can't you see we're circle jerking about how terrible Obola is?!
Thank you for that.  I know most people refrain from posting about their expert knowledge on subject matters such as this, thinking that most people probably don't care; but I love any and all expert knowledge I can get on every interesting subject matter.  With that said, does this mean that the dress rides on the hips of the wearer and is basically unsupported past that point other than by the dress boning?
Looks like it might be drooping a bit. [](/awakedash "Why are there no secret pony threads in here yet?!")
For instance, how do we know Vastra and Jenny are together? Its not because they act like a loving couple its because they tell each other they are married every 30 seconds.  I thought that was merely put in for people who weren't already fans, just watching the show on-a-whim with someone else so they could keep up. :[  I hated crap like BattleStar galactica because I could never catch up to what was what, who was who, why anything was going on, etc.  If I would have started from the beginning, maybe that would be different, but I didn't have that luxury at the time I was interested in it.
Aww...I thought he was going to crawl in.
Invest a little more money in a non-logging VPN (added $3-10 a month) and set your router up to push all traffic through the VPN.  You'll get around all of their logging/throttling, etc.  BTGuard is a good one though you might want to find one with a US server, because a lot of content can be blocked via IP geolocation.  And quite honestly, in this day and age you'll want to learn how to do this.  Even if you have nothing to hide.  Simply because they sell you "the internet", and they're doing their best every damn day to divide the internet up and charge you for "packages".  It's your internet, you should be free to use it however the hell you want.  Furthermore, if you're really paranoid - it's even better to set up your own private VPS and roll your own VPN solution because BTGuard and others _do comply with law enforcement_ whenever asked.  They'll roll over faster than a trained dog.  Whereas if you're rolling your own VPN, you choose exactly what is logged, you can verify it, and you can also encrypt your data, meaning law enforcement cannot get to it due to the 5th amendment.  Encrypt all the things!
Hopefully!  Go save Robin Williams!
Koy Wan looks to be doing pretty damn good on that list compared to a lot of places, to be quite honest.
I said I told them I'd break their legs; I'd never actually do it.  You can't say "I'm gonna break your legs" and not act like you mean it.  Then it doesn't get the point across.  Stupid fuck.
Maybe if you're using some weird, chinese, not-really-PLA "PLA".  But PLA normally does not curl.
ZB7uFmH9vXiQodF4pG4yaT6p9T1bPHZGPXtPC2Fin11g5f7JoqxaMMfD7qgqwcZB7uFmH9vXiQodF4pG4yaT6p9T1bPHZGPXtPC2Fin11g5f7JoqxaMMfD7qgqwcZB7uFmH9vXiQodF4pG4yaT6p9T1bPHZGPXtPC2Fin11g5f7JoqxaMMfD7qgqwcZB7uFmH9vXiQodF4pG4yaT6p9T1bPHZGPXtPC2Fin11g5f7JoqxaMMfD7qgqwcZB7uFmH9vXiQodF4pG4yaT6p9T1bPHZGPXtPC2Fin11g5f7JoqxaMMfD7qgqwcZB7uFmH9vXiQodF4pG4yaT6p9T1bPHZGPXtPC2Fin11g5f7JoqxaMMfD7qgqwcZB7uFmH9vXiQodF4pG4yaT6p9T1bPHZGPXtPC2Fin11g5f7JoqxaMMfD7qgqwcZB7uFmH9vXiQodF4pG4ya
Most stripped down window manager possible?   Are there any WMs out there that provide _just_ window border decorations and buttons?  Maybe some hotkey (alt+tab, etc) support?  Every WM I run across has some sort of application manager, or launcher, or other crap associated with it, instead of just...you know...managing windows.  Edit: Thanks for all the suggestions -- I found my winner for the time being.  In the future I'll be expanding PLWM, seeing as the default arch install comes with python already and xlib is tiny.
Motorized tools for removing laminate flooring/stick-on-tile flooring?   I've been helping my mother repair houses since I was a teenager (buy 'em cheap, make 'em pretty, rent them out/sell them).  I've now become a new homeowner and *really* don't feel like doing it manually yet again.  We have removed so much damn sticky-tile-laminate, and glued down laminate flooring that it's crazy.  Sometimes even carpet that's glued down with feces/piss or other fluids...stuff that nobody would typically even begin to touch.  What's a good motorized tool to get between the concrete and the back of the flooring?  I'd like to be able to tear up this flooring pretty quickly rather than spending a day and a half doing it by hand with a paint scraper.  The stuff I'm dealing with currently is tar-backed and really a pain to get in between.
Anyone have success connecting Gingerbread + Asterisk PBX? -- can't get 2.3 implementation to connect correctly, but SipDroid will.   I'm using the new 1.8 version of Asterisk to emulate google talk which directly bypasses all that sipsorcery/sipgate/gizmo forwarding/hacking bullshit and just connects directly through google voice and allows VoIP on my Droid, but the stock gingerbread SIP client doesn't seem to like to authenticate with my asterisk box.  SipDroid will, but not the built in client, and it's bugging me.  Anyone have any idea why this might be?  I'm running the asterisk server locally, I haven't opened it up to the world yet; I'm working on building an 'appliance' for virtualbox that will allow you to deploy your own VoIP - Google Voice - Android solution but gotta get it all working flawlessly first. :)  I already have it working **amazingly** through SipDroid...I can accept and place calls on wifi with almost no lag at all, and it's not reliant on a sipgate/pbxes account or anything...all direct from Google Voice :)
The comparison people make shouldn't be Android v. Jailbroken iDevice, but rather what they both can do out of the box, unrooted, unjailbroken.   Because lets face it...the average consumer isn't interested in root, jailbreaking, ROMs, heck, some of them don't even download apps from the market, they want their phone to "just work"... so we need to compare here based on out-of-the-box abilities.  Any theories as to why Android is still growing so quickly vs iOS? -- is it just the cheap-o Androids out there and price?  Is it features?  Is it distribution among carriers?  Distribution among manufacturers (aka hardware options)?  *edit:* Did some napkin-math -- most popular app for Android is Google Maps with 616,604 reviews.  The most popular app requiring root would be Titanium Backup with 37,696 reviews.  If both sets of people are assumed to review apps on an equal basis, that would mean 6.1% or so actually root...about 1/20th the Android population.
Disadvantages of OLEDs.  Looking for (software) solutions.   Ok, so here's the thing, I'm always getting caught up in wikipedia and I recently ran across [this](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Organic_LED#Disadvantages).  Which has recently prompted some questions, as well as some conspiracy theories.  1. Are there any browsers that will invert most of your displayed websites color themes, or possibly apply themes ala stylish or something similar? -- This is the quote from wikipedia I'm most concerned about: "[OLEDs] can use over three times as much power to display an image with a white background" (aka, nearly all webpages, apps, etc) 2. While the 'Live' backgrounds of 2.1 are really a cool thing, one has to wonder if Google did it because of said burn-in issue on the wikipedia page; Almost like a "screen saver" of sorts. 3. How much does the screen actually account for regarding overall battery usage...40%? 60%? 4. This also explains the "blue hue" that I've seen some users complain about.  The manufacturers actually produce stronger blue LEDs in the device to account for the fact that a lot of the devices out now will lose a lot of blue luminosity quickly.
Most commonly repeated questions about Android?  FAQ section for the new people?  Wiki?   I've only been an /r/Android reader for 2 months or so but I regularly see the same questions asked.  Shouldn't we put up some sort of FAQ section or...something?  Here's a list of the questions I see most often:  * Why should I root my device? * Can I get X.X upgrade if I've rooted? * What device should I get? * What apps do you guys recommend?  Obviously if someone is looking for a certain *type* of app, that's cool.  I know we're a friendly community here, and it's also nice to have a voice, but really?  Maybe in this FAQ we could list some other common things as well?  A wiki would be nice...