Well there was a Batman vs Spawn comic, that's the closest he's got to fighting the Devil/or a demon
Why is this being downvoted?
Rear Window?
Barry Lyndon?
Watchmen
2008's Alone in the Dark. The gameplay is kinda clunky, the voice acting and characters are not that great, and the story is cliche. But I love it because the game itself is fun to play. The inventory system is unique because you can combine all sorts of different items your guy is carrying with you and the game's set pieces are exciting. It's like a B movie if it was given the budget of a major blockbuster.
Like I told OP I just posted a Shadowrun lfg on the sub and was wondering if you're interested as well. Here's a link to it http://redd.it/2n5ezn
You know Big Trouble is my favorite movie and I really tried to get into this comic, but it just doesn't feel right. They constantly have Jack shouting catchphrases trying to mimic the movie and to me it just feels... forced. And all the humor and jokes make the book sound like it's trying to be a parody of the movie instead of an actual sequel. Like look at the last page in the link, Jack's talk about that Kansas burger joint. It just feels like they watched the movie and was like "Jack Burton is an everyman who likes to make wise-cracks and catchphrases so let's just have him constantly do that. The readers will love it!"
thank you, have a nice day :)
Hi! If I don't get any hits on this I might just GM one myself. I've never done it before, but there's a first for everything :). And if I do do that you'd be welcome to join.
Man I love that gif
How old were your victims?
You should only worry if you haven't paid your dues, Jack.
Nothin' or double
why its take on the "rag-tag group of rebels fights evil empire" cliche is so special  I think it's because at the time that type story wasn't cliche yet. Besides Star Wars i can't really think of another example like it. Also at the time, and I emphasis time, this was still a new idea. It's like Citizen Kane. If you compare it to modern day movies most would say it's average. But you need to realize when it came out no one told stories in a flashback/interview way like it did, no one did make-up like it did, and no one used that style of cinematography (with it's use of deep focus lens and low-angle shots).   In FF6 we had a large group of at least 14 main characters with their own personalities and we would switch to different parties at certain parts of the game. No one did that, at the time.   So I'm saying If you compare it to the later entires like FF7 it's not going to like look a masterpiece. But if you dial back the clock and look at what came out before it and around it, the game is great.
I was hoping XV would go back to roots like IX did. IX is my favorite game in the series and that's because, like you said, final fantasy works best in a setting without ultra-futuristic technology. It can work with that setting, but not at it's best.
Happy Cake-day!
[Big Trouble in Little China](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0HEitZ06oRY), an awesome 80's movie that's nonstop fun (seriously there's like no boring parts)
I would go out tonight, but I haven't got a stitch to wear
http://i.imgur.com/AmPUHgu.jpg?1  found this a while ago and really liked it
Well if it helps i woke up at about 4 in the afternoon, so i don't need *that* much sleep
try it, I already have 26 hours on it (and two playthroughs for the single player).
My friends and I disagree.
I saw your earlier post and I couldn't believe it either. They made sure to have a lot of cameos this season :)
ELI5: Why is it easier to learn your first language as a kid, then to learn your second as a teen/adult?   You would think since the brain is more developed it would be easier. But is it easier to learn your first language as a kid because your brain is still developing?
?
Parents of Reddit, What are some times you've purposely embarrassed your children?
ELI5: How Australia operated as a prison colony
Dude the people who look at you with disgust, fuck those guys. When i was 15 i used to have a small red-afro, people used to call me carrot-top. You just have to learn to ignore it, and then you don't hear it anymore. I used to be introverted too, I'm still afraid to order a pizza over the phone. You just need to realize your special, there's no one like you, and there never will be. Just knowing that will help you be more outgoing. I'm doing this, and the girls are starting to swoop in for me.
why'd you delete FF12?
Topher Grace?
same here, got to love Corey Fieldman and Kurt Russell.