Women vs Men
Since i've got my free Futtie Reus i've changed my squad to fit him in, i've been playing with this team for a few days and its just absolutely amazing.   http://www.futhead.com/15/squads/36956836/
All polar bears are lefties
Police handcuffs arrested guy to motorcycle and makes him run next to the bike.
He's underestimated a lot, i wasn't expecting much of him in the World Cup last year, but he played very well. Thats when i knew that we can expect great things of the guy. I'm not saying he will be a top 10 player of the world, but he will definitely be very useful for us the next 10 years.
I guess i'm just a positive guy haha, but you're definitely right. He hasn't done anything to earn that great gig as manager of Oranje. If the KNVB just had signed Ronald Koeman we would've been way better off.
Playing on PC with xbox controllers. Nobody is opening packs, only a few Depays, and all are from PSV, guess the same will happen with Wijnaldum/Schweini...
Depay and Wijnaldum are the future from Oranje. Really hope all the best for them.
Don't think he will, bad aerodynamics.
Haha, he's a running joke back here in the Netherlands. LVG talks "stonecoal English". Basically he just litteraly translates Dutch sayings. But yes, most of us speak English pretty well. Dutch isn't the biggest language so we have to. Its not weird for people from the Netherlands to speak English, German and even French.
Hippos helping a duckling
Garbage Drumming in Amsterdam
The King and Queen of the Netherlands DJ'ing in Chicago!
I've got TOTS Clyne, and he's been great so far! He's like Dani Alves in Fifa '13
Disco grocery shopping in Amsterdam
Tanks alot...
Its the details that did the trick for me, you could just feel the impact of the punches in my theater. This movie has the best sound design i ever heard/felt in a movietheater!
Hmm salty bacon
Then who's the sorry bastard who gets chopped up in a million pieces like robot Frieza...
I have to stop cutting onions while watching this kind of stuff..
Never had Froot Loops, but they look disgusting...
I'd exchange it for Russian rubles...
*sigh* Clash of Clans
"HEART HEARt HEArt Heart heart hear hea he h...."
holy shit thats satisfying
Question of questions, would you rather fight ten Peter Dinklage sized horses, or one horse sized Peter Dinklage?
holy shit that looks like a surfboard
God...
didn't know i was talking to someone who knows what he's talking about, and i agree with everything you say its just a bit to much, on the one hand its all house remixes, and on the raw hardstyle hand its only hardcore kicks with screeches!   But as far as the shows go (and thats why i posted it), you can't disagree that its pretty epic.
Only one hour left, nervous?
hahaha loving this, and the "should we give other people some?" and then not doing it, i mean come on man, those guys probably know a bit of English
Well not really, there is a huge discussion going on in the Netherlands about this tradition. This video is made so we (people in the Netherlands) can see how people from a different country react to a tradition thats so normal to us Dutchies. I guess you can say that some people from the Netherlands will find it "intolerant" to say 'Zwarte Piet' is racism. But nevertheless its very refreshing to see the pure shocked and angry reactions to the blackface and the other portrayals of 'Zwarte Piet'. (Black Pete)