Oreos are getting a skinny new look, and its maker says the new cookie is a "sophisticated" snack for grown-ups that isn't meant to be twisted or dunked.
How Apple Music Compares to Other Streaming Music Services
Sorry, did not intend to repost. I saw it on Twitter for the first time today.  Thought it was fascinating picture.
Tiger Woods closes with a quadruple-bogey on the final hole. That's a 13-over 85 for the round. Words never before written.
First Trailer for 'Skarknado 3: Oh Hell No!'
Lawmakers Look to Halt ResponsibleOhio Proposal's Momentum The speed of a proposed amendment to legalize marijuana in Ohio has rattled state officials, and may bring a new ballot initiative to counter the ResponsibleOhio issue.
Liquidators Pulls All Chinese-Made Laminate Flooring because of lawsuits over the safety of the products, as well as looming criminal charges disclosed by the company last week concerning its foreign sourcing.
Baltimore prosecutor: Probable cause to file criminal charges in Grays death
This animal is so weird that researchers are calling it the platypus of dinosaurs'. An unusual combination of traits suggests a whole new dinosaur body-type
When marijuana is grown with precision. 1st of a series of reports from cannabis country.
Tiger Woods actually seems to be enjoying himself at The Masters
Let's Take a Look at Ohio State's New CFP Championship Rings
[reminds me of her](http://i.imgur.com/PzK8Hqy.jpg)
Next week New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady will tee it up at Augusta
Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
[here it is](http://i.imgur.com/jaU3FBZ.jpg)
After reading this. Yes, I am. Thank you.
I am old and grew up on the Saturday morning cartoons (Super Friends, Scooby, Hong Kong Phooey, Captain Caveman, etc.) so I have love for these cartoons.  Later watched Voltron, Transformers, and He-Man.  Even in high school watched the Disney toons like Duck Tails, Dark Wing Duck, etc.  As an adult never missed an episode of JLU, BAS, The Batman.  I now have four kids and we watch Adventure Time, Regular Show, Teen Titans Go, Gravity Falls and Gumball.  I find these shows to be hilarious.  Much funnier than the shows I grew up on as a child.
Here's the link to the photo.  http://www.nasa.gov/content/goddard/sdo-telescope-collects-its-100-millionth-image/#lowerAccordion-set1-slide4
And the best player [Image](http://i.imgur.com/Xm03Sh6.jpg)
Here is a link to the original source. http://www.pewtrusts.org/~/media/Assets/2014/09/SurfaceTransportationIntergovernmentalChallengesFunding.pdf?la=en
That's fantastic. Thank you.
That's funny as hell
I just felt Grant Morrison's run on Batman with Williams, Quitely and Kubert was one of the most influential Batman arcs in recent memory.  Whether people like it or not can be debated but the artist were top notch.  I read the introduction and qualification but Bruce Timm defined Batman for a generation with BAS.
Thank you.  I will give it read later today.  I've been wanting to pick up this book so happy to read a review prior to making the plunge.
It comes out today and it has numerous in app purchase opportunities unlike the original game.  I can editorialize about anything I choose whether you agree or not.
I have 52 issues of countdown that I will be happy to give away to some unsuspecting kids.  It will be the scariest thing they get all night.
still the greatest picture i have ever seen
He's weird looking
This is what I read when I log into reddit this morning, "Hopefully I'm not the only person here who finds that site's "breaking news" updates to be tedious and uninteresting, among other complaints."   It put me in a bad mood.  Hard to swallow when one hypocritical person (Inquiry FM) takes it upon themselves for no reason to start a negative reddit against a blog.   With that being said, If i offended you I apologize.
Remember the scene is in the original "Men in Black" movie where Will Smith auditions for Tommy Lee Jones and Rip Torn to determine if he has what it takes to be a part of the team?  Well Heidi Montag apparently put together this god awful audition tape for Michael Bay to land Megan Fox's role in "Transformer's 3."
This Aquavista Panoramic Wall Aquarium comes with all the gear necessary for a tropical aquarium, including an automatic feeder, dual filtration, heater, air pump, lighting, and a carbon dioxide generator, all of which is controlled via a side-mounted, touchscreen LCD. Available in 5-foot, 20 gallon and 6-foot, 25 gallon models.