Belgian as well, waffles are usually eaten plain or with powder sugar (the brussels kind) and vertically!
The yolk just adds a creamy texture, like it would when you're eating a poached or softboiled egg. It's the whites that are slimey!
Alopecia is hairloss though
No uterus, no opinion
Um
WFAT romeo
I can't feel my feet
Oh man curling irons are the worst
Would this somehow be worse if he weren't middle aged?
We get plagues of these, fire brigade burns them
TIL people on reddit are very touchy about their pot
Human skewer
It looks like it has little wheels
I feel like it wasn't THAT intense for me but I definitely see what you mean. I wanna be a monster truck driver and have half naked men hang from the hood.
she looks stunning though
Women get their labia cut off and sewn up, making sex extremely painful, and oh yeah sometimes die in childbirth because of it too. Some dudes are unhappy because someone said they can't fully appreciate sex because they are circumcised. No one is actually sure this is true because they don't know what it feels like to have sex uncircumcised. Clearly these two issues are exactly the same.
I thought it was cute my 83 y/o grandpa was playing on this taped together gameboy he's had for like 30 years. But apparently you are all too damn salty and very professional redditors who only appreciate serious content. (Also, google stock image, because this is not one)
is this from kanye's collection?
I was 13, and got a growth spurt which suddenly made me 5'8. Then we went on holiday in Rome and i wore all the same clothes i'd always worn, since i'd only gained height. A specific pair of white shorts- then hotpants got me so many whistles i didn't wear them for the rest of the trip. Hell, I was still reading lemony snicket back then!
Wow, you should definitely complain because that's a disgusting way to treat a person. Being completely honest, probably nothing will happen. I think you should complain for your own peace of mind and in the hopes it ends up in some sort of record. If you can give enough detail, maybe the asshole in question will get a slap on the wrist. I'm sure you're not the only person that ran away from a controller. The stib controllers are there to check your ticket, not critique your life.
*chants*  Quit! Quit! Quit!
-I'd say most people on here are from Flanders  - I think you could be right about that. I think Walloons tend to be more into French culture, they have a bigger market that Dutch speaking areas so we have to turn to English media  - I have honestly no idea!   - I'd say it goes for the whole country. We tend to see ourselves as two different people but when someone from the outside turns on us, suddenly we're all Belgians.   - Being totally honest, yes. I personally think it's not done to eat with only your fork if you have company and I think a lot of people will agree.  - I agree with all of those, but I always like giving tourists Duvel for the hell of it. They think it's like lager while it's twice as strong at least!
Hodei, the exchange student that still hasn't been found was last seen in that neighborhood. They found another student named Germain in a different dock. There was also a portuguese man was found in yet another dock. I believe a couple of months ago they found another body that they couldn't identify. Don't know if this is a common thing in areas with docks but it just sprang to my attention that there have been a lot of people going missing and being found around there.
I have a cookbook from roald dahl too and made lollipops on the back of pens a while back... Best purchase ever. Will try this sometime soon!!
1. typical fashion for girls: in student environments i'd say you can wear whatever you want. In my classes (language and lit student) you get goths, preppy, hipsters,... Law students tend to dress more conservative. 2. regular groceries: not sure what you mean by this, but i'd say you can never go wrong with lots of fruit and veg. I feel like those are cheaper than in the US. I'm always stocked on yogurt and cheese as well. Supermarket bread is usually no good so i'd recommend going to a bakery for that. 3. Learning dutch: don't be embarrassed, we all have shitty dialects anyways! 4. blend in: don't! I'm sure people will be interested in where you come from. Belgium is quite boring so we're always happy to hear some stories from the outside world :D
wow what a dick
posted this handsome in r/cats a while back, thought you might like it too!
My grandma and her parents around 1940
Agreed, Lige waffles should be eaten vertically!
Looks like lush products
damn bronies
I wanted to take a photo of the spooky fog on our camping, then this happened