Ok
We dont have an overpaid aging superstar who clearly cares about only money. The Buss's are just as dysfunctional as our FO. Still find it funny that I called that the Lakers would fall in draft as well.   Remember that we are losers for wanting Rondo* but when Kobe was eating lunch with Rondo last year...  He was the best available point guard?  It was the same when we were getting Deron Williams. Shitty guard and a wash up has-been...  Mavs get him and he's a hero haha.  Laker are shitty.
Lol I did.  I learned something by making a bad joke.  That is what Reddit is for.  A community helping each other grow through chiding and mockery.  You helped me grow!  Thanks much
You're funny...  Yea im aware that it isn't. But the show is and they dramatize the fuck out of it.
He's gonna play off the bench and be a huge key factor in calming the locker room. Had a good 3pt shot at one point but wouldn't call him a phenomenal shooter.  Plays solid D.  2x all star and has played on a championship team.  Vet minimum contract for two years...  Solid pick up.  Main this is his level head to keep our young guys focused.
OP can suck a fat one.  Lady looked embarrassed as fuck.  People dress up in costumes and shit all the time. She admitted to why she was wearing it.  Leave her the fuck alone. You can buy fatigues online.  Then your ass posted it for some of the extra imaginary loving online. Tsk Tsk. She wants to wear her sons shit..  Let her.  For Christ's sake.  We have men marrying men and men becoming women and you think the Internet gives a fuck about this?   Source: Family of semper fi and they all are dicks.
We can't afford Hollins...  Last time I bought a goat, it cost me three chickens and a cow.
A biased analysis that sells.  Controversy sells.  He stirs it.  Creates a problem that wasn't there...  Mountain out of mole Hill.  10k more followers.  Bam.  They have a job as well. They are great at it.  But by no means do I watch CNN and Fox and say...  "reputable"  sources.    Everyone has an agenda.  Look at Woj. He was considered very reputable but then dropped all this bs. The other day,  Tobias Harris turned down a Kings max offer...  WTF?  All for ratings.
"I'd play Mclemore at the 3"  Yea..  Let's not. I say this time and time again. Kings have one of the worst development staffs in the league. Everyone always asks "why you trade X, look at him now". Truth is,  until we change things we can't create those players.  Whiteside would not have panned out here just like Lin didn't in Goldenstate.  Stauskas may be Jimmer... May be Ray Allen.  Idk but personally,  he has something in common with Jimmer and that was he was apart of a team that wasn't meant for him. Good luck.   People need to stop trashing the trade. Kings need endorsements for the new arena and they need to sell tickets.  I renewed but I know a few people who didn't after last season. This was a revitalized trade which has given us real hope and I haven't had that in years. (I'm delusional...  I believe we will win the championship every year.)  Personally, I don't feel we need these posts here but you are always allowed to post. Understand that the general consensus of the City,  not just fans,  liked the trade.
No
The trolls come out on the reddit tonight  Not an upvote to be seen.   A kingdom of masturbation.   And it looks like they're the Kings.   Pitchforks are over flowing like the swirling wind inside.   I couldn't keep them even if I tried...   Their lies I see!  So fuck OP!   You can fool all them but you can't fool me!   I need a fork! Where do I go?!    Well I know!  Well I know!!!!   THEY MUST GO!  THEY MUST GO!   FUCK OP DOWN VOTE THAT HO!    THEY MUST GO! THEY MUST GO!   SO MANY FORKS,  YOU CAN SAY NO!   I CAN SAY  THAT OUR PRICES ARE GREAT!   LET THE SALE GO ON!    Lynching never bothered me anyway...
Fuck everything. Slutty girls,  hot girls,  fat girls,  turtles,  dogs,  a fish,  pie, glory hole, neighbor, Steven the butcher, Molly the prostitute, a peanut butter sandwich.  Once you complete all your fucks successfully...  Think of one more fuck...     You will realize you don't have any to give... And maybe an std to boot. You're welcome.    Edit: fuck your down votes you regular fucks
I'm typing this from Tahoe.  I just got my tickets.  Should be fucking sick..   I've been to harveys event center so probably the same.  Nevada is a different beast than cali Bro.  Come her around 10am. If your smoking (your choice)  blaze up.  Doubt you can smuggle in. Worst case stuff a bad and pipe in your shoe. Play penny slots for free drinks til iration blows your top off man.  Matisyahu never comes around so I'm stoked Bro.
This guy...  I got down voted for it but here is your upvote
TIL how to Karma where.  Thx
Confirmed.  Bad bitch.
Fuck your cake day
My favorite band...  And I have never heard this song...
Wait what?
IT'S HERE!   Let us know what you think!
Huh
Ima be another one and day... This concert was amazing.   This band really sets the bar high for artists...  Their show was incredible. They made the audience be involved which was sick.  The bands chemistry is incredible. They all rotated to the front and lead at least once. Played every song you wanted to hear and even played the whole band on one guitar deal.  It was sick.  I've been to a ton of festivals including cali roots a few weeks ago...  This had been the best concert yet. Go if you haven't..!
"Stop Mr. Jones!!!!", I screamed.  It was all to real.  I couldn't believe that it happened again.  My stuffed bear was touching my penis again. Mr. Jones was a beige colored stuffed bear with a missing button eye. Oh how he was a friend of mine.  We used to do everything together.  Fish,  hike,  sleep.  Man we were inseparable.  Then as we got older,  Mr. Jones became to close.  He would whisper obscenities in my ear as I slept like "Leonardo will never get an Oscar." or "Just do it!  Yesterday you say tomorrow,  so just.....  DO IT!". One time I woke up and I saw Mr.  Jones playing with himself watching me as I slept.  Sure I was wearing some nice,  comfortable, elastic less,  tag-less Hanes underwear with a logo of Space Jam on it. Mr.  Jones whispered under his breath.... "what's up doc". Mr. Jones copulated with me that night. As he pulled down my Hanes underwear that you can find at any target store for about $7.99 for a pack of 3, I realized that I had the slightest erection. It wasn't extremely high like you get when wearing a pair of Jordan high top sneakers, which you can find for appx. $100 at your local shoe store. No,  this erection let me know that I was ready to jam my piece into Mr. Jones. I slept that night. I awoke a new man.  Rejuvenated!  Alive!  Revived like a man who was worn down but had a fresh glass of Gatorade, which is a high performance energy drink engineered to allow you to perform at you peak ability which you can buy at any store for $3.00. I felt like I was set to explode! Like the Charlotte Bobcats will once we establish a firm grip on our front office direction,  which tickets can be purchased at www.nba.com/bobcats. Ticket prices may vary.  So come see us!!!"   -  Michael Jordan **(Career highlights and awards6NBA champion(19911993,199619986NBA Finals MVP(19911993,199619985NBA Most Valuable Player(1988,19911992,1996,199814NBA All-Star(19851993,19961998,200220033NBA All-Star Game MVP(1988,1996,199810All-NBA First Team(19871993,19961998All-NBA Second Team(1985NBA Defensive Player of the Year(19889NBA All-Defensive First Team(19881993,19961998NBA Rookie of the Year(1985NBA All-Rookie First Team(198510NBA scoring champion(19871993,199619983NBA steals champion(1988,1990,19932NBA Slam Dunk Contest champion(19871988NBA All-Time playoff scoring leaderChicago Bulls all-time leading scorerNo. 23retired by Chicago BullsNo. 23retired by Miami Heat3xAP Athlete of the Year(1991,1992,19932xUSA Basketball Male Athlete of the Year(19831984)NBA's 50th Anniversary All-Time TeamNCAA champion(19822 Consensus first-teamAll-American(19831984)National college player of the year(1984)ACC Player of the Year(1984)No. 23retired by North Carolina)**
/r/tifu or for you perhaps check out /r/gaybros
TIFU by thinking I'm funny.   I was driving with my SO today when I saw a Clarks pest control car. I decided that it would be funny to yell "Clark we need you"  which is their slogan...  Well I yelled it..   The guys expression which reeked of FML just glared at me.  Not an ounce of amusement..   He then looked genuinely sad which honestly made me sad. Now I look like a fucking ass hole for trying to be funny..   Tl;Dr I needed Clark but he didn't care..
Fuck paul blart. Fuck bernie Sanders. Fuck james franco. If this post gets 3400 upzoinks /r/circlejerk will become a Scooby doo themed subreddit.
Top of the mornin to ya!  I am here to inquire about your rare ////-#. I have these to offer:  1. ==-------- This is the Hitchfork. Use it to hook whoever you are mobbing! Handle made from iron cooler in unicorn blood.   2. ==}----------- This is my old treasure.  Made from bits of real Dragons, this for was used during the French and  American Revolution and actually reused in the watts riots.  Very good fork.   I bid you good morrow sire!  If you would be so kind to reply by next sun up for these forks are on the move!
If this is real...  This is the saddest thing I have ever read...  This guy is fucked up.
I only know you replied if you reply to the message itself.     From my knowledge of transfers and what counselors have told me, you can change your major as long as you meet the requirements for that said major it shouldn't be an issue.  If the major is impacted or requires certain criteria such as GPA approvals and such per major,  then those must be met as well as deadlines if there are some.    As far as I have heard,  TAGs cannot change.  That may be wrong but that is what I heard.  Hope this helps.  Call your advisor or the counseling office at the University.
Kinda my point.  I said take it for what it is..  I wouldn't rely solution anyone else.  They are helpful but can only do so much
Dinner with the most interesting man.
TIFU by buying cookies from a 7 story girl scout from the Paleozoic era... She wanted 3.50 but I only had 4.20.