SO COOL
As a seller I really hope you check these out and potentially make them available to your customers. I am really excited to get mine in February and see if it lives up to the claims. This is looking like a hands free awesome option: https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/eva-the-first-truly-wearable-couples-vibrator
Who is Kevin
Sneaky is the best. 3
Moosh is my favorite. SUPER CUTE
Beautiful!
Thanks!
The little pot was laying around the yard full of something dead and I just dumped it and used it for my plant. It has a cracked piece on the bottom and is not going to be great for the longterm - but was better than the half-missing pot that one was in before.   I'll get some pics of the bigger one when our sunflowers are done for the year and I cut them down.
Leela Beela with a big ol' grin!
Happy Adoption Day to Dr. Rockso Luther King Senior
o.m.g.  that is the cutest bunny ever!
No no no groom meeee
No one has said it yet, so I will. Don't buy a rabbit, adopt one. Check out your local rescues and animal shelters. You can get a perfectly healthy, already fixed rabbit without contributing to breeders (who often are in it for profit and not for the well-being of the animals).   If you don't want a lot of grooming - stay away from lionheads, angoras, woolies, and all the super fuzzy breeds.   Be aware that you will have to brush your rabbit multiple times a week during molt, and that you will need to brush it at least once a week the rest of the time. (Assuming it is not a fuzzy breed)  Dwarf breeds are smaller when they are older - but come with higher risk for certain health problems. If you are looking for low maintenance a big red eyed white may be a safer bet.   And please, read up on rabbits. They really are safer and more comfortable indoors. There are a lot of reasons and u/vgr1 already linked you to a great video detailing them.  This is not me saying you are just going to throw it out there and ignore it - but that doesn't change the fact that they are safer indoors.   Rabbits do require a good amount of caring for. You won't find a breed that doesn't unless you find a colony of wild cottontails to relocate to your yard.   One huge reason it is good to have your rabbit indoors is because you notice things more quickly. Rabbits live on a sped up timeline - they can be fine today, not eat tonight, and die tomorrow. If your rabbit is living in the same space as you it is far more likely you will notice the change and get them to a vet. This also speaks to the amount of care they require - as a prey animal they try to hide their illness. In prey species - signs of weakness make you a target for predators. You need to be paying close attention to your pet in order to see changes in behavior or physical changes that signify major problems (and sometimes problems that can kill your pet within 24 hours). Rabbits in general don't require a ton of grooming - brushing once a week and a nail trim every 6 weeks - but they do require a lot of attention that they may not get in the backyard.   Check out some of the articles, research proper care, and when you are ready, adopt - don't buy.    :D
I think your bunny looks cute. I love the curved bun! I call mine a croissant when he sleeps like that. Yours has its eye wide open, too - not so dead looking.
do it anyway
We have 4 rabbits, 2 are a bonded pair that took about 2 weeks to get solid enough we were comfortable leaving them alone together (actually probably could have done it sooner but we were careful), and 2 we have been trying to bond for a year.   The 2 that we are trying to bond - They get along well in close quarters and cuddling on a lap, but any attempts to have them play together or hang out in a small neutral space they get nippy and sometimes fight. We can't house them together because of this, but they do live in side by side pens. They will often flop next to each other and nose each other through the bars. They look like they are chatting sometimes. It is clear to us that although they aren't "bonded" and we can't leave them alone together, they get something out of the relationship and would probably be lonely were we to separate them or put a solid barrier between their separator bars.  Background: We had walter, chose gwen, did a test bonding with our rescue that went well so we adopted her and started doing bonding at home.  I would definitely be aware that this scenario may happen. Bonding buns is an active process that takes patience and some rabbits just don't get along.   Our other rabbits - we adopted rox after fostering him because we fell in love. Having 3 single rabbits we tried some 3 way bonding which seemed to get walter and gwen a little closer and they both hated rox. We ended up taking rox to an adoption show to meet other rabbits and the first one he met they were grooming each other within the half hour we were sitting with them. we adopted Izzy and brought her home and worked daily with them - with a totally different approach. We worked with them IN their pen - and put a divider up when we weren't doing bonding. There were no problems with them ever and I think they were just a good match.  So, with this pair, Rox had been the original rabbit. He had been dumped at the shelter by his family and I think had some abandonment issues. He clung to me, licked me, humped me, circled me - part of how he won a place in our home :-p Once Izzy was in the picture, Rox mellowed WAY out. He still cuddles me and licks me some, but he is nowhere near as needy and seems more confident. Izzy is a huge lover and our most affectionate rabbit and I know she loves having him for a mate.  Basically, I think all of our rabbits get a lot from having other rabbits in their life. Rox and Izzy are definitely the shining example as he has changed so much for the better with her, and she just loves loving too much to be alone. Even Walter and Gwen seem to enjoy each others company.  I would be aware that if you are able to bond them it is easier as you have one set of dishes, one pen, one litter box. And I would be aware that it may take a while to get there. Be prepared to care for two separate rabbits if you decide to adopt, and take advantage of any matchmaking your local rescue may do. If you let your rabbit pick his friend it will make it much easier on you.
Shame on Martha Stewart Living. Not only do they pose live rabbits in their Easter baskets for photos, they actually suggest including a hotot rabbit in your basket! (Cover and page 95) There is no information regarding life-span or care. I have already written and told the magazine that rabbits are not disposable Easter decorations and that the dumping situation is bad enough without their irresponsible encouragement. Here is the link to contact them if you wish to add your voice: http://www.marthastewart.com/contact-us-form or Editor's email: living@marthastewart.com
Sir Walter Freckleton - our little lop on his 1 year adoption anniversary
so awesome
We have four, and a bird. The cover photo for the page shows all our animals.   Other than that we have Anushka, our foster. And we get to play with all sorts of bunnies at the shelter we volunteer at and the adoption shows we work with The Rabbit Haven. It's a bunderful life :)
https://www.facebook.com/BunnyMenagerie  I have a whole album of pics of her and a few of her sister (when they got a little older then started fighting and we had to find a different foster for her sister).
Aw he did so good on his dates! As far as simulating at home - you may know this, but if you put them somewhere unfamiliar it is best (bathtub with a towel down works great).   We had a lot of success with a nervous bun by opening the pen door and sitting on the ground and letting her come to us - we also put her food in and out that way. She had the opposite problem (ran and hid), but it may be helpful for a little biter, too.   And we don't have chickens - that video is actually in the shelter. They had roosters in there that day!   Can't wait to hear/see more of Squishy! Hope everybun is settling in well.
As someone who works with a rescue, and as a shelter volunteer, I beg you not to have baby bunnies. Our rescue has taken in so many litters born to unspayed female rabbits in the shelter that need a foster home to go to. There are also babies found dumped by breeders who can't get rid of them. There are so many ways to bring baby rabbits into your home without contributing to the problem and taking away homes from rabbits that already exist.   Get in touch with a local rescue or shelter and let them know you are interested in raising a litter. When they were grown the rescue would be helping you find them good homes - and they usually give you first priority if you want to adopt any.   Just my 2 cents.
He is pretty independent but easygoing. He is a mellow guy and enjoys some snuggles now and again :)
Absolutely!
WAY TOO CUTE
Pretty sure. I have done some reading on it and she seems to really enjoy being held like this. I understand that they will also zonk out in this position, but when she struggles a little I don't put her in it. I only do it if she seems to want to be held that way. She purrs while she is like this, too - so that indicates to me that she is enjoying herself and is present.
Walter   Gwen
A big handful of bun
Our lil princess
Oh Hai!
Walter in Da Club