Definitely hit this place: [Il Gelato Di Carlotta ](http://www.yelp.com/biz/il-gelato-di-carlotta-niagara-on-the-lake-2). I've been working my way through their flavors for a while now and have yet to have one that isn't amazing.
Curtis Mayfield - If There's a Hell Below We're All Going to Go
I'm interested in that and Voat, but I hate to think we all get isolated on the dying internet from the majority of people who rarely get to hear alternative explanations of how the world works. Every now and then, someone stumbles in here and has a kind "What's happening here?" kind of reaction. That's why I'm still coming onto reddit. That and the shills who are - aside from everything else - highly entertaining.
Sinead O'Connor declares 'music is dead' after Rolling Stone puts Kim Kardashian on its cover
No, I totally agree. I just think his irrational mindset was down to the pressure he was feeling. It's unfolding right at this moment with this man in Michigan: (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20aPHGXJk4E feature=youtu.be). No question that the best solution in this current case would be to fight back non-violently using the press, legal appeals, and other means. But we've all been in the position at some point in our lives where we felt so much pressure we couldn't think straight.
Someone posted this a few days ago in case you haven't seen it yet: [Jon Ronson on the Joe Rogan podcast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUuFMjhRkmU). He's not only a great journalist, he's also very funny.
Well here's one example from about 1955: [Life magazine article about Gordon Wasson's hunt for psilocybin in Mexican highlands](http://www.imaginaria.org/wasson/life.htm). Henry Luce controlled a lot of media back then including Time and Life magazines and he LOVED LSD. Luce publications were the same ones declaring that 1967 was going to be the  "Summer of Love" and encouraging young people to go to San Francisco. The underground press thought that was insane and realized it would be a public health catastrophe. As for television and movies, lots of them began to adopt psychedelic themes, especially Star Trek. And Timothy Leary was after all something like a televangelist.
That's no joke. Check out this article by sportswriter Dave Zirin who learned through a FOIA release that his anti-death penalty group in suburban Maryland had an undercover FBI agent going to the meetings even though it was a small group (apologies for the Huffpost link, usually try to avoid it) (http://www.huffingtonpost.com/dave-zirin/cointelpro-comes-to-my-to_b_113930.html)
Imagine being kept in an artificial coma for weeks or even months on end while force fed LSD and audio messages to re-program you all with the aim of wiping your memory. This Canadian documentary tells the story of Dr. Ewen Cameron and his "psychic driving" technique for the CIA's Project MKULTRA
This video really shows how bad it is. I mean, the guy didn't even seem to be busking. He just wanted to give his show on the 4th of July. He was getting set to move along, but the cops couldn't stand having something happening that they didn't get to control. I mean, what kind of people are against a dude playing the Star Spangled Banner on his guitar? They're like cyborgs.
It's this chart that scares me in particular: [How humans interact with one another, particularly online](https://prod01-cdn03.cdn.firstlook.org/wp-uploads/sites/1/2014/02/screenshot14.png). Notice the prominent place for the concept of magic at the top.
China also has enormous bubbles in property and currency. Somewhere between Greece, China, the US student loan bubble, and the TPP, I can't imagine we aren't in for a giant economic shock in the near future.
I'm not sure if this is the country very many people actually wanted. I think a lot of people's wishes have been ignored or overturned by very powerful systems that don't take into account what average folks want or need. Corporations and government bureaucracy have a range of concerns that have little to do with improving the lives of the citizenry. Profit, power, trickle down, efficiency, all of these things have to line up before the quality of our lives is factored in.
Catastrophic food shortages, growing demand and riots: Government-backed researchers predict society will collapse  within 25 years
Bradford sisters who left UK 'to join Isis' were radicalised by British police, relatives say
Wikileaks publishes 60,000 secret docs of rare insight into Saudi royal family's lavish spending
A lot has been played down by the authorities especially the danger posed by the central core. I see a number of directions where cover ups seem to be occurring. Fish stocks in the Pacific are badly effected. Children in many parts of Japan outside of Fukushima are showing higher than normal rates of cancer. US naval personnel who assisted post tsunami have had some very unusual occurrences of leukemia and other illnesses.
This is bullshit. Sepp Blatter and FIFA? Somke kid with a website where people sell weed? Why don't the so called authorities go after some real criminals like the ones who crashed the economy?
I really appreciated your use of bullet points. It made your argument both clear and presentable. Well done.
Fuck Ellen Pao.
I can attest to this. Very good thing to start taking. I've also used a couple of drops in my Neti pot to absolutely cure sinusitis. It's supposed to be the best antidote to tear gas though I haven't tested that out. Everyone should be taking this stuff.
Pentagon preparing for mass civil breakdown
Thanks! Much appreciated.
I tend to agree on Manson that it was a part of a larger puzzle. The way the police left him alone even though he was on probation and accused of raping underage girls. There was some weird stuff in those years in So Cal with Gov Reagan's [Center for the Study and Reduction of Violence](http://www.whale.to/b/caul.html#The_Center_for_the_study_and_Reduction_of_Violence.) Dave McGowan's Weird Scenes Inside the Canyon really raises some unsettling questions about mind control ops in the counter culture back then.
It could have paid for education and health care for the whole country. As it is we have a trillion dollar student debt bubble that is about to pop. The next recession is going to be violent.
Yes we are. Martial law has many layers, and we've been living under it since WW1. There have been decades long programs to keep people under control. This goes back to the violent suppression of socialist and anarchist groups in 1918 by the Bureau of Investigation, precursor to the FBI. Eddie Bernays work in propaganda and later PR was massively connected to dissuading people from radical politics by promoting consumerism. Our society has been deliberately kept docile and apolitical.  Troops on the street are a manifestation of the existing reality. They come out when the powers that be feel they are useful. Just because troops are not on the ground during certain periods, don't be fooled into thinking that there's no martial law.
You got it.
Thanks, will give that a look. I tend not to see this as a left or right thing. I think it is an ideology that infected people across the spectrum. Mostly it seems to be driven by worship at the altar of technological efficiency. But I'll check it out.
Those regulatory bodies were and are a joke. The real regulatory teeth of the SEC were taken years ago and it ceased to be a regulatory agency after the repeal of Glass Steagall in 98. I'm all for small government, but that includes the unelected government of the oligarchs that we have today. And above all TPP is not about free trade. It is a massive sop to large corporations to the detriment of small and mid size employers. And worst of all is the undermining of sovereign law. If you're against big government, don't buy into the lie that this is about free trade, it's really not. This is about global government and the weakening of national democracies.
But what became referred to as Lyme disease after 1975, while sharing characteristics of earlier tick borne bacterial infections was on another level. You hear about rashes and skin conditions in Europe that look like the Lyme rash, but as far as I know, they don't have anywhere near the severity especially with the arthritic like pain that happens now. And there's weird stuff with personality shifts that suggest neurological impairment. If this stuff existed before, I would honestly like to read about it. I just suspect this bacteria was somehow weaponized.
Basically this was a real life Apocalypse Now. US soldiers went AWOL and formed a village in Laos which they thought was a safe zone. The army didn't like that much and Operation Tailwind was undertaken to wipe them out. The op started with a dawn raid kicked off with sarin gas being dumped on the GIs.
Someone said years ago that the elites would create phony enemies out of the Soviet Union first, the Islam, and finally extraterrestrials. The real enemy is humanity. It must be fun to destroy an entire planet and enslave a species if you're a psychopath.