When I was young,stores could be open on Sunday,but only certain sections, (food,personal care,clothing). As my dad put it,"You can buy a shirt but not a damn hammer." I always thought that was just a bunch of stupid nonsense and was glad to see these laws go,alcohol being the last one.
Fire Fly...It's about time and I can't believe this hasn't been thought of before.
Custom from CKTG.
That is a ....GASP, Shun Sora,the other is a Massakage. beware of trolls if you like the Shun. I love the Shun.
Give it all away to a new guy that deserves it, If you feel you are going to die.Fuck the family,they don't deserve it,I know mine don't!
Dam that water's cold. Yeah deep too!
As an American I would say that it is a ploy based on old-time values that people use to try to appear more respectable.This is why the Gov. will ban certain words and body parts from television, but will take money from companies to allow the barrage of condom,dido,sex oil,phone-sex and viagra ads that any kid watching TV is sure to see.
I have spent my whole life cooking on this concept.Never went to school and was lucky to train under some old school Euro chefs. My food doesn't win awards, but when the contest is over the chefs and judges come to me for their meal. I have asked friends many times, What are the best fundamental dishes of your life? Invariably, their response goes back to food prepared by a mother, a grandmother, a father, an aunt, or some other relative or friend. A main ingredient of those preparations is the love with which they are prepared. Those early tastes remain with you for the rest of your life. I stole that quote from the article but it is true,and I have made a good living on this concept.
Got myself a treat, I love this little hot rod!
I work in a tourist town, constantly see 8-12 yo's ordering the parents around and the parents just take it.
" Listen man,I've got to get ready for work" To my very drunk older brother.He was my best friend and mentor when I was a kid,had alot of D/A abuse problems. He had a good heart but my thrice cursed manipulating mother convinced him that a mans worth is only to be a plow horse for a woman. He took out three insurance policies and killed himself just shy of 40yo.My family celebrated that because the wife n kids got a million. I still hate  that I didn't do more to reach out to him.
Been using the 210mm for several months,wow! Convex edge grind+ moly steel=no need for stones ,and stands up to poly boards quite nicely. Two strops, one white and one green keep these paper shredding,hair whittling sharp and they come that way out of the box. Nice fit and finish and the distinct handle gives you a fist full of nice knife.Lovin em,oh yhea saya included.
Yeah, I am of the same opinion.Just to be clear,I was not looking for advice on what knife to buy for my one and only,just input on this kind of knife/steel from people who actually use them day to day.I have been cooking and collecting knives for decades and if there is one thing I've learned it's that there is no one knife to rule them all.I kind of just "Buy em and try em". The FKMs look real nice  and Mark Richmond gives them a great review,I will make it a point to try one. One question, in the reviews it says they have a 70/30 grind how does this affect sharpening?
Money.
Ha ha! You are a true  trooper and  have described my  life in a nutshell.Love ya man, and I could use a few more like you on my crew!
Thanks for the interest but I am not the OP, I thought that knife people would find this interesting so I reposted this to that "OTHER SUB", got no love there and reposted again to here.Just wanted to share some nice knives. Enjoy!
Umm, honey? About the 401k...
I went to a free concert back in the early 90's featuring "Muddy Waters' guitar player".Was expecting an old blues man to come out and sit in a chair and play some acoustic blues.Buddy came out in a red coverall with a wireless guitar and blew the fucking roof off the place! He was out in the crowd and even up in the balconey,what a showman,been a big fan ever since.
that IS wierd,works on my ps3 but I always have to pause a few minutes at the start,on my 360 it just plays.Mabey it's location or something.
Ok then,from the top down: Linder mini hunter, Nieto picnic knife, Spyderco something, Kershaw double cross and Therias   L 'econome.
Nice!
Shoes.
Don't know, I got these from a flea market awhile back just to save them. I actually worked on the Cattaraugus a bit with some sand-paper but that is as far as I got. I shake my head and tear up when I look at the Puma.
Don't fuck with the cook.
HA HA,made me laugh! up-vote!
Kershaw or Buck.
Political influence.
I still hate this fucking show.
Worked at a small restaraunt and Ben Vereen came in with a small party.After cooking their meal,I peeked out front to get a look at this ever smiling old school entertainer, and he was tearing his son a new asshole for screwing up the delivery of some equipment.   Same place, Frank Gorshen comes in to drink at the bar, my boss offers to buy him a cognac if he will do the "Riddler laugh" which he did,quite loudly.We all cracked up, and then it just  snowballed and went on all night.
Yeah yeah.
Allow a women to turn me into a plow horse. You want a partenership,chip in and help.
He is half German shepard and half arctic wolf. My friend has the pics of his parents and all the documentation on him.She got him from a Specialized breeder. He does not look to humans first,he goes about his buisiness until you get his attention,a definate trait of wolfs.Thanks for the interest he's not mine but he is the most awesome dog I know.