hotair.com is full of hot air.  Walker was born in Colorado, not Iowa.  How much other wrong information is getting circulated about this dangerous idiot?  He will NEVER get the nomination.  Even right wing Americans aren't dumb enough to fall for Walker's brand of violent, fascist politics - Right Wing Politics for Dummies.
Walk around Wisconsin and see what the typical Wisconsin diet does to people.
The issue is the poverty that exists before the payment.  That's the problem.  Correcting with a check can't solve the fundamental problem, although it certainly helps, but not enough.  With all the focus on the middle class I'm glad he's mentioning the poor.  They are really suffering.
Almost like ...?
He's so stupid he doesn't even know how stupid he sounds.
There is nothing he can do to win.
Yes, this is it.
Bernie looks like he's in fantastic condition. He was a marathon runner and his BMI looks terrific compared to lumpy Hillary.  Physical fitness matters.    Don't the Republicans want us to keep working anyway? Consider the ages of the Supreme Court Justices.  Ginsburg 82; Scalia 79; Kennedy 79 in a few weeks;  Breyer 76.  Four out of nine are over 75, and consider that they are appointed for life.     Also, please direct us to your source that Bernie is "polling on average below Biden."  I'm interested in seeing those polls.
I want to add that it's worth considering if there is any relationship between Wisconsin's leading the nation in alcohol consumption and the continuing election of the far right wing to Wisconsin political office.    These right wingers are flagrant liars and users, engaging the entire state in (what are comparable to) alcohol fueled delusions about climate, the economy and our rights.  Are the voters of Wisconsin too hammered to recognize the right wing's theft of our freedoms?
The far right Republicans of Wisconsin are flagrant in their rampaging against democracy.  They aren't even subtle about it - they've gotten away with it for so long they don't even pretend to follow the rules.  How about a new requirement for running for political office?  Potential candidates have to take a test on the constitution, with emphasis on the Bill of Rights.
1. Bernie 1941; Biden 1942; Clinton 1947. They're all old. So what? 2. Too soon to say, given his surge.  Don't nip it in the bud - let this movement blossom across the nation.
Hilarious.
Did this guy graduate from high school?
Leonore is unique among opera heroines.  How many female leads can you think of who are strong, powerful and rescue the man?  I always suspected that Fidelio was criticized because the world wasn't ready for a powerful, heroic woman like Leonore.  LvB was ahead of his time. Among the great recordings of Fidelio: Toscanini (no dialogue but the singing is superb); Haitink with Jessye Norman.  There is a stupendous opera film of Fidelio from Hamburg with a magnificent cast: Anja Silja, Richard Cassilly, Lucia Popp, Theo Adam, Hans Sotin, Erwin Wohlfahrt, Ernst Wiemann, Leopold Ludwig (conductor), Rolf Liebermann (director).
At Burger King.
Scott Walker and Joseph McCarthy - Wisconsin's most shameful politicians.
Thanks, Scott.
No, it's not mine.  Sorry.
Thanks very much for this link.  Yes, that's Truecrypt.  Here's what he said about his educational background:  "I have quite typical Soviet/Russian musical background, but I was lucky to study in Moscow in early 70s - - definitely the best place to be a piano student at that time.  Let me just mention some of the teachers: Lev Oborin, Yakov Flier, Yakov Zak, Yakov Milstein, Lev Naumov, Boris Zemlyansky, Dmitri Bashkirov, Eliso Virsaladze, Stanislav Neuhaus, Tatiana Nikolayeva  Not to mention great teachers at the Gnesin Institute  Alexander Ioheles, Maria Yudina, Maria Grinberg, Naum Starkman, Oleg Boshniakovich  Hope you can imagine the atmosphere! All these great musicians were completely accessible, i.e. their lessons were open to public.  The list of students wasnt too shabby either: Egorov, Pletnev, Pogorelich, Gavrilov, Igolinsky, Demidenko, Dang Thai Son, Postnikova, Shebanova and many more So, it was a pretty good background!"
I'll look forward to your post.  I am madly in love with Mozart, especially his operas, and would like to be more familiar with the musical context in which he matured.  Of Hasse, I only know his comment about young Mozart: "This boy will consign us to oblivion" or something like that.  Thanks very much for the recommendations.  I'll definitely check out the Pergolesi.  There was a beautiful old film made of La Serva Padrona with stunning Anna Moffo.  I saw it in chunks on YouTube, but it was missing the delightful finale.
Scott Walker will go down in history as the ideologue destroyer of Wisconsin's economy, environment, educational system and public image.  He's the creator of the now backward Wisissippi and is the darling of the mentally arthritic old white men who rule (and vote in)  this state.  He's a disgrace to the legacy of Wisconsin.  As an arrogantly ignorant anti-intellectual, among his worst crimes may be the harm being done to the state's flagship school, the UW.  He'll never be the president because it will be too easy to out him as the Koch brother's idiot whore.  Even the American voting public won't tolerate a smarmy little liar like Scott Walker.
The live broadcasts of Tristan with Flagstad and Melchior at the Met, from 1935 to 1941, are the most brilliantly sung, imo.  Also immortal are the live Beecham and Reiner recordings from 1936 and 1937.    There are some phenomenally sung/conducted Meistersingers from Knappertsbusch (3 available) and a studio recording from Kubelik with Sandor Konya's gorgeous, Italianate Walther and Gundala Janowitz's luminous Eva.    The 1955 live stereo Ring from Keilberth at Bayreuth is first rate.  It was suppressed until recently because of preferential treatment of Solti's studio recording (with less excellent singing, imo).  I actually like the Keilberth 1953 Ring even better.    There is a live Tannhuser from Leinsdorf with Melchior and Flagstad that is one of the greatest live opera recordings I've ever heard.  I prefer Golden Age Wagnerian singing/conducting. Many of these recordings are available on YouTube.
Ljuba Welitsch's Salome was unforgettable.  Here she is with Fritz Reiner and Hans Hotter, one of the greatest Wotans.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SJMlNDFS0Q She recorded the final scene with Reiner in 1949 - hair raising: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3BReBIkkExM
Thousands march against tar sands in St. Paul
His atavistic position on abortion, which should be a fundamental right for all women. Please allow me to remind you of the right's incessant attacks on women's bodies.  Yes, he's a 'libertarian' but his positions on women are extreme right.
One year of mourning her father.
Bernie over anyone.  Rand hates women.
Arctic ice melt to release 1 trillion pieces of plastic into sea
Great!  I was unaware of thorium's potential as an energy source.
Thank you for your comment and sincere apologies if I am incorrect.    Please read the artist's statement:  "With "Tears of Nanjing" I want to show my deepest sympathy and love for all those totally innocent people who were perished so unjustifiably and with outmost cruelty, but also I want to remind the Japanese leaders that as long as they do not want to face the history, humanity cannot and will not possibly forgive and forget". (Gene Emerson)
Aloe gel, let it dry. Then try some coconut oil or olive oil and let it soak in.
Brilliant Russian Easter Overture (Ormandy Philadelphia Orchestra 1946)