Male bee (drone) being used for artificial insemination at the USDA bee lab in Baton Rouge.
IRS: 7.5 Million Americans Paid Penalty For Lack Of Health Coverage
Secretary of State John Kerry will travel to Havana on Aug. 14, to raise the American flag over the U.S. embassy in Cuba.
A.C.L.U. Asks Court to Stop Part of N.S.A.s Bulk Phone Data Collection
Bernie Sanders Trolls Hillary Clinton Outside Her Meeting With Senate Democrats
International violation? US Army considering hollow point bullets for pistols
Detroit...Greece...Puerto Rico...Does Anyone See A Pattern?
Protesters Burn American Flag In Fort Greene Park; Opponents Rush In
Steve Buscemi, he looks like one.
No update?!
Escaped New York Inmate Richard Matt Shot and Killed by Police, Officials Say
Wouldn't I lose all my money if I invested in one fund? If I don't manage them, how can I make a decision in which one to use? What should I know or be paying attention to so I can choose one that would be more profitable?
The Thrift Savings Plan.
That Anna Kendrick is not the same, she's the actress from the Twilight Saga.
/u/lwarrent I guess somebody recognized her.
That would be great if an AMA could be done.
I wonder if any of them are still alive and if they still feel the same way.
Gay Marriage Is Upheld by Supreme Court
You would think something like this would get more attention, same way as the TPP.
Before I posted this I had also posted the article of the Intercept on /r/news and only got 2 up votes. I'm fairly new to Reddit and I've noticed that TPP articles don't come up on the front page.
8 inches?! And flaccid?!? Holy fuck!
TIL The New York Public Library is the proud home of the REAL Winnie-the-Pooh, the actual toy teddy bear that once belonged to Christopher Robin Milne, son of A. A. Milne.
Very interesting OP, keep us updated.
Doctors remove woman's reproductive organs accidentally because of her tattoos
Waiting for an update!
Update please
Did you have enough money to get groceries?!
That reminds me of the movie Insidious.
The Tyrant episode of House explains this. Very interesting how the brain works.
I'll be back in a jiffy.
Love conquers all
TIL Virginia colonists practiced cannibalism and ate feces.