same
I love this book. It makes unconventional sense at many levels.
He's right though, but in usual Reddit fashion we call anyone who isn't Neil DeGrasse Tyson "ghetto" and probably couch our opinions in pedantic editorialism.   "You spelled something wrong and demonstrated salt of the earth understanding instead of being an academic poindexter, so I'm cringing now."
a m8 hoo u fink u lookin@.com   Fokkin wanka me m80 sed u cudnt poor piss outtuva boot w nstrucshins on th'eel. Troi me ya cvnt.
What would the blue color be from?
LoL Shitty Yung Drake
That first song has quite a few measures of 5:8 in it with quarter time counts above it, so you hear that offbeat-onbeat effect when it runs. It's just little measures of different lengths.. riffing.. riff salad, hardcore metal stuff.
3
HIVmind "Intelligence"

Oh thanks on that 5htp info.  Re: Noopept I disagree on the super stringent weight requirements. You take a double scoop of the 15 mg scoop they provide and it works wonders and I don't get side effects from it. I still cycle as directed.  Re: Sulbutiamine I agree on the use sparingly axiom. Every time I touch it I feel a good boost and then I leave it alone for weeks. Tolerance definitely was detected in early use. Now with occasional use I always feel a little boost and I feel on point.  But yes point taken on the 5-HTP. I'll back it off to a maintenance thing in case I roll, but I have noticed only long term effects from cessation like a dip in mood at the three week mark from stopping. Any comment on why it would take 3 weeks to do that? Generally while on it I do not notice any serious effect.
Two cups stuffed
YES
"I mean, I guess I would say it's kinda like acid but mixed with shrooms, you know?"
The front fell off.
I agree. This is a run of the mill Hooptie. As an Atlantan I am neither phased nor disappointed proper by this vehicle. I like the posts about ugly wings and mismatched bodykits or aggrandized Geo Metro's and misapproriated high-dollar decal work.
Noice
My buddy with a glass eye always does this. He gets his own custom emoticons.   I'm not entirely jelly but I admire his gusto.
Did somebody blink?
Thank you kind Sir.
Came here to make sure someone posted this.
Yes, we only order black ones.  In the 10 years I've worked here, pretty much never see any other color.
^^
Activate Downvotes in /r/NotaMethAddict    mfw only one downvote  "It was him, let's get 'em!"
[I'm absolutely certain that this is a repost, if not in this subreddit, then 15 or 20 others.]
/r/NotaMethAddict
A Mafia Niacins Acorns
This must be the 6th time I've seen this.  Still not any good.
I feel weird for not going to college but still understanding that as though it's in plain english.  WOO ARMCHAIR PATHOLOGY!  EDIT:  Thanks for being offended that I read about stuff in my spare time?  Y'all are silly.
Hahahaha where at?
"Dam u str8 babygrrl." - H.L. Mencken
Be careful, this is how grasshoppers rip their own legs off.  Use Crane Style instead.