I dream of being able of turning my house into a haunted house every year. How much do you think a transformation like this would cost?
The nightmare of every child
Giant of the deep
There be monsters in the deep (art)
Yay! I'm glad that I'm not the only one who is terrified of Monstro !
Very interesting, I'm not sure if it's creepy worthy however.
Definitely odd, but not creepy.
ECAR and ECAW??   Hey fellow teachers, In August I will be teaching at a new school(7-12). The current Language Arts teacher is very, very into ECAR(every child a reader) and ECAW(every child a writer). I have done a little research into this program, and it seems to be geared towards elementary age kids, not middle school(what I teach). I am very hesitant to adopt this new teaching program. Any thoughts out there? Are there benefits?
Just love Ol' Blue Eyes!!
Most jello products or food with gelatin is made with fruit pectin. No animals!
oh wow...that sounds like a difficult situation.
Gotcha. Yeah I had a class with 15 kids on IEPs and they put a learning specialist in the room with me. I definitely could have used more direction with teaching a skills based class.
I would obviously talk to your administration and if they do nothing, then I would get the union involved.  By the way, a degree in education means that you have training for students in special education. If you don't want kids with special needs in your class I would look for another job, maybe at a charter or private school.
Should I leave my current teaching position??   So, long story short...I am a teacher in a low-income/high teacher turnaround district. This past year I have had some unbelievably horrible encounters with my principal and administration(to the point where I have actually reported to HR). After all of this, I am obviously keeping my eyes open for new teaching jobs, but I have some preoccupations about going to a different school because I truly love my kids and I adore the members on my team. I was hoping all of you could give me some advice?  1. Are all principals bullies?  2. Do all principals/administrators they use their power to intimidate?  3. Do all principals compare veteran teachers to newer teachers?  4. What happens at your school when there is a huge behavior/safety concern ? (For example: a student throws a heavy backpack at another student's head) 5. How does your administrator discuss concerns?(i.e. email? text? face-to-face? hallway?classroom?)  **Thank you all for your help!!**  I need some reassurance that there are good principals out there!
What highlighter did you use?  I currently use Benefit's High Beam;however, sometimes I feel like it is just too shiny.
All I can say is that if you are in it for the students, you will go far...if you are in it for other reasons you will burn out quickly..good luck!
Take care of yourself!!!  Take breaks, spend time with friends and family.  It is definitely important to work hard and learn a lot in your student teaching;however, it is important that you are sane enough to take in that new wisdom!
Lovely!
Matryoshka
Beautifully put! I definitely think that I am going to wait three years!
Thanks!  I am starting to see that many, experienced teachers are suggesting waiting until year 3. I want to be the best teacher for my kids, as soon as I can.
Thanks!  I am just worried that the workload might be a little too much.
Yes! I am really starting to get the feeling that I might get more out of the experience if I wait.Thank you for the advice!
Thank you! I was just feeling worried that if I did not start now, that I might be one of those teachers, 30 years in the future, who wishes that they got their masters. It's awesome to hear that your experience may have been better after waiting.
Thank you. These are some awesome questions that I will definitely ask myself.  Truthfully, I miss being a student, I would love a pay raise and I feel like if I don't go back soon, I won't go back at all.
Thanks! Yeah, I work in an urban school, so my school can assist with any of the funds, but I would very much like a similar pay raise.
Lovely! I love how the characters actually look like themselves. Sometimes tattoos distort their faces...not this one !
When is the best time to enter grad school as a teacher?   I am currently a second year teacher (who desperately wants to enroll in grad school).  For more experienced teachers, when would be the best time to go back for grad school?(3rd year? 4th year? Now?) Any helpful ideas would be greatly appreciated!
PIRATES OF THE CARIBBEAN!!! (It is beautifully musky, damp, swampy and just altogether Disney!
I have a kiddo that sounds just like this kid ,Cameron. I agree with what everyone has said about positive reinforcement, but all of that can take time.  I would suggest a simple change. Do not ask, tell.  For example, rather than saying " I'd like you to stop talking", say "Cameron, stop talking" or you could put a more positive spin on it and say "Cameron, this is important. You'll want to hear this."  Also, try to have as many of these conversations in private, unless he is shouting out during your instruction.
I drink a good deal of wine the first week as well ;)
YIN, Yang!!