The missing zoom
Carlos Castaneda The Teachings of Don Juan. Each book becomes progressively harder to read imo but there is an exception or two. I think I also really liked Tales of Power and The Eagles Gift, but it's been a long time.   It's about an anthropologist who meets a Yaqui shaman and lives with them and takes part in their rituals. The stories are about him trying to become a Shaman. It will change your view of the visible world and how we understand it.
I imagine she's hot and the sex is good so it's tough to see past your 3rd eye. She appears to like it with others too and sets stuff up while setting stuff up with you. If you're into group stuff, you may have found a mate. If you're into open relationships, you may have found a mate. If you both think you're hot and look good together, maybe you've found your mate.   If you want to find your life companion, maybe have a family, then you should look elsewhere. She sees you as a rental, no harm in doing the same till you can find someone to keep.
The girl in the fern bikini is incredible
For the DV's I just say: It is useless to show the gold piece to a cat.
Confusion reigned and I got wet
Most people treat their religion like a smorgasbord and pick and choose what they want to follow. "I accept this is the ultimate truth, but I disagree with this rule so I am going to do it anyway." IMO It's either the ultimate truth or a fairy tale. If it's the ultimate truth, there is not picking and choosing what you like and dislike.   A good example is some Christians views of gays, which has little in the Bible and divorce which is specifically outlawed.
I had shoulder surgery and got 80 percs for the pain. I gave all but 4 to my wife to take to work. I wanted nothing to do with those being in the house. I took them for 4 days and then was too scared to keep taking them. She probably has about 60 of them still sitting in her office drawer 3+ months later.   I've had both shoulders done now. The first time they gave me Vicodin which gives me anger-mares. I wake up spitting nails when I take those. So when I had the 2nd one I asked for Tylenol 3's instead of Vicodin but they gave me Perc's instead. Way stronger than Vicodin imo. Scary strong to me.
I like to cook and it's about the only new shows on TV that are worth watching. I wish we still got BBC so I could watch Master Chef Professional too. It had some drama to keep my wife interested and showed some new techniques to keep me interested. On Food Network, I like seeing what people can come up with under the limitations they are given.
They're just too tannic for me. I find Yunnan teas very mild with a lot of complex flavors, almost like a good Oolong or single estate Darjeeling. At first I thought I liked all Chinese black teas. It wasn't until I started ordering online and wasted money on tea from other regions that I was able to target Yunnan specifically.
I disagree. I like my poultry cooked well past when it is done. With enough juice to draw on, the meat keeps getting more tender until it falls off the bone. When meat is falling off the bone in Poultry, it is way past well done, but sooo tender.   And I guess I look at slow roasting like making meat in a sous vide. I've never used one, but I've heard and read amazing things about them. That's like the ultimate in slow cooking.
I don't know if they charge more, but they are labeled as each type. Our last butcher closed so now we go to a specialty market that has good meats and butcher to make specialty cuts. My favorite is the pin in porterhouse, which is the opposite end of the T-bone side. There are only a couple of those on each side though and there is barely a bone in the center so you get more meat for the price.
Or even just some Jerry
compost
Apparently I was confused about impedance as well. I thought you'd want more efficient speakers if you are running 2 sets.   The additional advantage beyond the problem with the A/B use of going to a 5:1 would be DVD's on TV. I didn't realize the issues I was causing and the lack of benefit I was getting from using the A/B switch with 4 speakers. At least going to a 5:1 system, I would remove the A/B problem. At least now I know what direction to look.   Does Yamaha still make good mid range receivers?   http://www.amazon.com/Yamaha-RX-V477-5-1-Channel-Network-Receiver/dp/B00ILCS11E/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8 qid=1433179705 sr=8-3 keywords=yamaha+5%3A1 is $249 and looks decent. The next levels up appear to add options but not clarity to the sound itself.   There is a Marantz 5:1 http://www.amazon.com/dp/B0081N916M/ref=psdc_14269301_t3_B00ILCS11E for $399 that I may be able to squeeze in budget.  Does Marantz still sound like they did 10+ years ago? It looks very intriguing.
One is the British version of the National Enquirer in the US the other is for news.
Wu Liang Hong Mao Feng Yunnan Black Tea is a good example of a decent Yunnan tea.   High Mountain Red Ai Lao Mountain Black Tea is a unique tea from the region and has many characteristics of a nice Taiwanese black tea.   Real fresh teas have a unique flavor. I like them once they've aged a few weeks or months.
I agree, I think from the near site we are within degrees of each other. It's as we get out to the edge that the differences are more noticeable,   Terrorism is the modern day communism. It's a catch all to justify our actions. War is profit. Huge profit. Eisenhower made a statement about the military industrial complex, that I am sure you are aware of, based on the breadth of knowledge you've shown. Even during the birth of England, France, Spain, Russia, etc., factions within the barony and church guided their actions as much as the kings or queens. Even in China, Japan, etc with their warlords. It was also not unusual for other countries to influence the politics of another. The East India Trade Company is a great example how private industry started influencing governments as well, once democracies overtook monarchies.   Can you provide any examples now or in the past of this real democracy or pure democracy you feel is the standard and not based on set laws, where all laws are voted on by every citizen instead of elected officials? Democracies are governments elected by the people. The whole concept of a democracy is all citizens elect representatives who are supposed to follow the will of the people. Democracy does not mean every rule and law is passed by every citizen each election cycle. We would not need elected officials in this pure democracy you reference as all decisions would be made by each of us through voting. I don't think even a utopian view of democracy is what I think you define democracy as and is certainly not any definition I ever heard in any poli-sci or gov classes in college or before. It's almost the angle I read from anarchists; no gov, we can make all decisions as individuals and don't need gov defined structures.   I imagine both our views are much more nuanced than what we can get across on reddit. I really think we are both over simplifying the issue to fit within a post too, when there are hundreds of page papers written about what we are talking about, from all angles. I agree with those who feel we could have done the same thing the west did after WWII, to the countries in S and C America as well as Mexico. We could have built modern industry and had people get paid enough to build a middle class, which is the cornerstone of any country. Japan and Germany both have very strong economies with a balanced middle class. Instead we chose to support the oligarchs and allow the average citizen to get crapped on for our benefit. So we can have cheap fruit, oil, minerals, and any other resource they have that we need.   And even this is a massive oversimplification. Japanese and German society is far more structured than anything in S or C America or most parts of Africa or the middle east. The priorities, cultural values, work ethics and many other things have an impact as well. And once again, have hundreds of papers from all angles.   I've enjoyed reading your views and it made me think and investigate and question some of my facts/beliefs/opinions in more detail. Often what we want to believe is different than the facts. We are all good at using cognitive dissonance to see the world the way we want. Sometimes we need to verify the things we want to believe even more than the things we don't want to believe. It's so easy to accept faulty data when it's the data that matches our views.   I use news sources that have been proven accurate to me over the years. Many news sources followed the gov line about Iraq, Iran Contra, 9/11, etc. or about GMO foods, radiating our food supply, industrial farms, raw sewage being used as fertilizer, toxins killing birds, bees, etc.  A few were telling us the truth. The sources that lied about each, are pretty consistent and some only told the truth about some things and not others. It seems like most people continue to use sources that have repeatedly distorted reality. Not only leaving them less informed, but even worse, misinformed But it's a distortion that matches their beliefs, so they continue to read and watch their Washington Times, New York Times, Washington Post, LA Times, Chicago Tribune, ABC, NBC, CBS, FOX, etc. The lies they have been told, do not trump the worldview they want to maintain. I personally believe very little the corporations tell me through their newspapers and other media. We are a long way from a Walter Cronkite or  newspapers that investigate and publish stories about the little guy being stepped on by the big guy. Our media now represents the big guys. The little guy does not have a voice that can be heard through the trees. By no means, do I have the lock on truth or how to provide world, let alone national  'best methods' to govern the masses in a dog eat dog world. Facts not based on pure science are like a huge disco ball sending facts from thousands of different mirrors. We find the ones that match our view, or construct our view from a few cherry picked facts that match our greater view. I grew up hunting and fishing. I love nature, being outside, getting my own meal from the land and water. I despise what is being done to nature to benefit a few, with protections that prove faulty time and time again. Protections often written by the lobbyists, for the few. This view makes me believe corporate malfeasance involving the environment, when I read about it, without the usual verification of facts. There are too many past examples of it happening and being whitewashed or swept under the rug as soon as possible. I believe powerful industry, led by what are for all practical purposes; oligarchs, use our military and intelligence services to protect their interests overseas through the power their money has on our gov. This doesn't preclude WWI and WWII when we went in to stop Allied/Central Powers, or Korea against Russia and China. (That whole Russia China alliance after WWII is very interesting to read about. They were not the most trusting of allies or working toward the same goals.) All 3 are much more complicated than the fairy tales and fables we are fed, but if you don't protect your allies, you diminish your power in the world.   There are actually a lot of good authors that use the early19th century to the mid 60's in Asia as their settings. It's also a region I visit and try to stay up on current news.  I've watched what our economic and trade policies have done for the few, and what they've done to our job market and our middle class. When I read about a new economic or trade policy written by the same people who have given us the same thing over and over, I don't believe a word they say. I've already heard their distortions and fantasies for the last 20+ years. I've seen who they benefit. I'm lucky, my wife is lucky, my 2 kids are lucky. We've never had a major injury or sickness. We work in the fields we went to school for. We've never been unemployed. All but my wife have 4 years degrees with no student loans. We all have supplemented medical through work and decent benefits. But I know so many people who have a lot of skills, worked hard and still saw their jobs leave when their employers moved to a free trade, low wage country. I have a lot of strong protectionist views.   These and other life experiences, education and readings have colored my view of the world. I'm ignorant about far more than I am knowledgeable about. People consider the word ignorant to be a negative term, but we are all ignorant about many things. I know virtually nothing about brain surgery, rocket science, astronomy, physics or most advanced sciences. My level of ignorance about those subjects is vast. I'm a news hound and enjoy researching topics I become interested in. I enjoy current events around the world. I like following the money to understand a main facet driving war, or allowing and even supporting such short term thinking about the environment and the profit some can suck from it in the short term, with no regard for the very long term ecological cost.  I 'm also a war gaming fan from the old Avalon Hill games like Squad Leader, and Eastern and Western Front. and miniature battle recreations in GameCons. Now I enjoy games like EU3 and SPWINWW2 (A remake and expansion of the old Gary Grigsby Steel Panthers.) because they are more playable from the same computer or internal network and don't require all the setup. From a purely strategic angle, my view changes quite a bit about our global actions. No games can recreate the global fencing between nations and religious, racial, and philosophical differences creating variables in regional and global plans. Plus there is the influence of all sorts of special interest groups and individuals within a nation on their economy and relations with other nations. The global economy and banking system, religious extremism, nationalism, environment vs growth in the 3rd world, are all subjects that we could study and read thousands of papers on from experts explaining a variety of problems and their solutions. Each facet from that disco ball is worth a discussion like we've had. And would likely be as interesting.
Mini crop circles
I use a metal electric tea pot to heat my water. A nice addition would be a temp gauge/thermometer on the outside. It would be a cheap addition and unique.   I pour it from there into a double wall 500ml stainless tea cup to keep the tea hot. I would consider a nice porcelain or ceramic one instead.   I use a WMF stainless steel strainer. It's simplicity and ability to keep clean is perfect. I do not see a way to improve it. You'd have to get into cute strainers for people looking beyond the functional imo.   I have several tea cups I use. I just got a new one I really like while I was in Vietnam. It has a nice unique design and you can tell it's not from a mass market company. Maybe hook up with a few artisans in Asia who make cups or maybe some pottery schools or studios in the US who would be interested in small run cups of different shapes and styles.   Edit: and avoid Chinese products. The quality of their inexpensive products is highly questionable. Even for Chinese. I prefer no lead in my cups, or unknown metals in steel products. China has major problems with both.
Most honey sold in the US grocery stores is flavored corn syrup. The real mass market ones are typically mixed from several types. Some honey is disgusting imo and has an odd smell when it's heated. I like pure wildflower honey from local suppliers.   Try getting your honey from the local farmers market. I think you'll be surprised. The real dark honey's are rough imo.
Last time I was in Taiwan I bought tea from several shops. I had been looking forward to going back now that I knew which ones I really liked. Surprisingly all 3 teas I wanted to get again were in the same shop. (An Oriental Beauty, a heavily oxidized Tie Guan Yin and a Sun Moon Lake black tea) They had a 20 year old oolong that I decided to get too. Brewed western style it was more mellow than I expected. Tomorrow I'm going to try the gai wan and see if it develops more body
That's pretty much what I do everywhere I travel, minus the drinking.  I'm not much of a drinker but I had some cachaca in Brazil and had a few beers at the Poulaner restaurant in St. Petersburg, Russia. Everywhere else I've pretty much stuck to juice, tea and water.   I'm looking forward to trying some street food and getting lost and letting Google maps get me back.   Thanks for the advice and recommendations.
We already have enough Omen sequels.
EU3 (Europa Universalis)
T2Tea's Grand Yunnan. I bought 50g in their shop when I was working in Melbourne. Before I left I bought 100g more because it was the most amazing tea I had ever tried.   After that, my wife or kids would order some for a Christmas present. I think my last order was a crop from a new year and the taste was significantly more mild. I ran out of the last bag of that about 1 month ago.   TWG's best Dian Hong is very close if not better than T2Tea's Grand Yunnan, but I just happened upon it going through Singapore airport and I only got 50g
I see your agreements, but you seem to disregard how those policies manifest themselves. It manifests itself quite clearly in those countries.   Linking to possibly the closest we have in the US to the National Enquirer, Murdoch's Daily Mail and next to The Economist as the most corporate/free market magazine; Forbes, tells me where you validate your opinions and why your opinions are what they are.   Have you actually been to any of the BRIC countries? Everyone I worked with wanted out. The most common question I get is; how do I get a job with corporate in the US? There is no safety. Your life and your families lives are at constant risk.   Through the 70's, S and C America, Africa and the islands of the Caribbean and far east were pretty much places the powerful countries put their people in power and sucked the nations dry. Corporations with their nations blessing and often assistance or Russian autocratic communists, would put a leader in power and get long term sweet heart deals on their resources. Effectively preventing that country from ever using their resources for the benefit of their people beyond the pay they got for removing them or harvesting the products. Examine Chiquita's or United Fruit's history in South and Central America to see what I am talking about. Read up on Baby Doc Duvalier's history in Haiti to see the kind of people we put in power. Take any critical resource we get from 3rd world countries and read the history. The western nations and the USSR had no regard for the people in the countries with the resources they wanted.   Are the neo liberal policies better than dictatorships? Sure. I agree. Is that the best option? Not by any means.        I'd recommend reading Howard Zinn's: A People's History of the United States.  That is what is playing out in the BRIC countries right now. I'd also recommend looking at how Norway has handled their natural resources and used those resources to benefit everyone in their country.  Income disparity in Norway is no where near where it is in other countries because of who owns their natural resources and the benefits the people of the nation get from those resources. The pay difference between top management and the workers is far less than it is in other countries as well. We are one of the top oil producing nations and we only got 2.5 billion in royalties in 2012 from all oil and gas royalties. We give them more subsidies than they gave in royalties. If we treated our resources like Norway does, we would be far better off as a nation.    The pay gap between the top and bottom in US corporations has gone up by over 300% in the last 30 years. That is the framework that is getting pushed by the IMF and the World Bank. More for the top and far less for the bottom. And it's why graduates can't find jobs in the US. It's all going ot the top.   As you may have noticed from all the downvotes I am getting for my views, most people agree with your viewpoint. So it appears there is little to worry about as my views are seen as fringe anyway. I've had too many classes in analytic reasoning, logic, and the media to be swayed by all the emotion based distortions we see in the mainstream, corporate owned media and even in media with opinions I support. Everyone distorts and everyone is really presenting opinions. It's just a matter of knowing how your media distorts information and what opinions they are interested in expressing.   And last, capitalism is a wide net and includes the European socialist systems.  I doubt if many people feel that capitalism is bad. I just feel that it needs to keep it's eye on the health of the community and less on industries leaders and their backers getting extreme profits. I also see countries like Norway who follow that path have less social problems and more social equality. Unbalanced social systems become more autocratic and then fall.
Tolkien pretty much avoided any references to social divisions with the Hobbits in his books. Other than a mayor and sheriff, I can't remember any other references to government or social structure. How Bilbo even lived was pretty ambiguous. Other than Sam being a Gardener, the other hobbits were of unknown skill and vocation.   As for their relationship, we see guys walking down the street holding hands or arms around each other and many people think gay. In other places it's not that unusual. I see it a lot in India. To them it is like women doing that in the US. It is not that unusual and doesn't draw certain conclusions.   I also don't think the traveling companions saw Bilbo or Frodo as masters. They were more the reason they were on the adventure, than a master they were following. There was no indication in the book that Sam was protective of Frodo before he was given the task of protecting the ring bearer. I think they became best friends on their journey. I agree that Sam was likely the stronger of the 2, but we have no way of knowing what the effect would have been if Sam had to carry the ring as long as either Bilbo or Frodo did. I don't recall Sam showing any hesitation giving back the ring in the book, like they made it seem in the movie.
I have a BS in Computer Science. We have people on our team who do not have degrees though. For controller configuration it would probably be something like computer certifications, but for different hardware manufacturers. Allen Bradley is a good example of someone who does this type of work.   I had 10 years of manufacturing plant experience before I got hired into my current company. I was brought in to do technical installations and configuration of the software, but they needed someone to train the end users so they asked if I would be willing to try it. I have been doing it ever since.   Travel can be a pain in the bottom too. Most companies fly you out and in on weekends so you may only be home 1 day before you are leaving again. The working hours when you are out of the country can be monstrous too. 12 hour days is not unusual.   I do not get to see much of the local tourist stuff, but I do get to meet and learn about the people who live there.   A lot of people started on our team by coming up through the support center where they learned the applications and how to communicate with customers. Personally, I spent 10 years in sales working with the same industries I now do training for. At that time I was just a computer geek on the side.
With the cups, it was noticeable in the store. The gai wan did not show its crackling until it had been used a few times. Customs opened it and when they put it back together, they didn't secure it so it got a little chip too. I'm heading back in a month and may get another one. The cups were cheap, like 3 US. The gai wan was about 50 US. It's made from a nice clay.
If you like the Bond movies at all I'd recommend Peter O'Donnell's Modesty Blaise books. He has 13 books and years of comics. The books are excellent because you get a lot more substance, but his stories are very good whether in comic or book form. The books have 2 main characters; Modesty Blaise and Willie Garvin. They are ex criminals who now help the Brit's intelligence service. The bad guys are even better than Bond's bad guys.
1984 2400 baud modems. Lots of BBS and finding information was harder than finding some subreddits. There was also a lot of sketchy stuff going on. In some ways, it was a lot easier to find the sketchy info on the web than it is now. There was a site called Long John or Pirate something that had all sorts of info on making drugs, explosives, scams to pull, ways to hide from the system, etc. Back then no one thought, who is watching me do this. Now that would be my first thought.