Mythology, Barrel Bombs, and Human Rights Watch
Actually, I corrected the original post just to show that American militarism and the trampling of civil rights makes little or no difference whether it's a Democrat or a Republican.   "Our democracy is but a name. We vote? What does that mean? It means that we choose between two bodies of real, though not avowed, autocrats. We choose between Tweedledum and Tweedledee." -- Famous American socialist (and blind person) Helen Keller, 1911.
What's that supposed to mean, other than the clear attack of being one of "those" people?  I suppose it's much easier to resort to such ad hominem attacks rather than actually acknowledging our government's actions or arguing to justify our aggression.  I'll just take the smear of being a brick wall as being a person who has moral integrity and does not support aggression simply based on the hypocritical and nationalistic idea of what country is committing the act. Given that case, I consider it a point of pride.   "In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock." -- Thomas Jefferson.
I'd argue that would be the case in most places in the US.  The guy would've been prosecuted, and bureaucratic inertia and a desire not to work would also result in a special clean-up team being called in just like it did in NZ.  In my state I'd be thankful if they would have skipped the step of calling in "animal control" or a haz-mat team to inspect the situation before proceeding with the cleanup.  The supervisor or one of his underlings should be embarrassed for not taking a shovel to solve the problem.   "Bureaucracy, the rule of no one, has become the modern form of despotism." -- Mary McCarthy.
How does that paint North Korea as bad?
California I-10 bridge collapse will impact Arizona travel
Trump should be *proud* he did not fight in the Vietnam War -- there's honor and no sin in that!  McCain, on the other hand, was US Navy royalty and participated in the US' immoral war of aggression on Vietnam.  Let's remember, the US government broke an international agreement to hold elections to reunite North and South Vietnam because the CIA reported that the communist leader Ho Chi Minh would win any free and fair election.  The US government lied to the American people and the world about the [Gulf of Tonkin incident](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gulf_of_Tonkin_incident) to start the war, backed a Catholic dictator in Bhuddist South Vietnam and then waged a war which resulted in about 3 *million* Vietnamese being killed. McCain dropped bombs on Vietnam, a country that never attacked us. McCain was shot down, tortured, beaten, etc., but blunt truth is that McCain and the US were the war criminals of that immoral war.  The bottom line is that today this entire "controversy" about the [demagogue](http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/demagogue) Trump disrespecting the war criminal McCain is political theater.  This is nothing more than a temporary [wedge issue](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wedge_issue) designed to prevent people from talking about global warming, the US' many wars, our floundering economy, or any of the far more important issues that we should be talking about.
Socialist Argentina Helping People in Fascist Paraguay
How else can you keep people tolerating ever-increasing police budgets and the epidemic of police brutality and murders unless you create a fear of crime in them?  It's the same role the TV show "24" (and others) played, and the same reason the US government manufactures many "terrorist" cases by entrapping some ranty clown and charging him with plotting to blow something up.   "In the past our politicians offered us dreams of a better world. Now they promise to protect us from nightmares." -- [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/3755686.stm) documentary "[The Power of Nightmares](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=The+Power+of+Nightmares)"
I thought the most important thing here was the issue not directly addressed:  (a) How the US -- and remember, many states were based on flat-out Jim Crow apartheid racism then -- supported South Africa and worked closely with that evil regime.  (b) The headline' quip of "Can the story be told now." Doesn't that *scream* of self-censorship by our government and mass media? This immediately causes one to wonder what sort of crimes our evil government and media are hiding today.
When are we going to get over this definition of "terrorism".  Terrorism is simply the lowest form of warfare, slightly above economic warfare and below guerrilla warfare. Many admirable movements over history have first started out with terrorism to push toward their objectives.  Today the US and western corporate mass media has us indoctrinated that all terrorism is a form of evil, all while ignoring terrorism that the US/west uses.  I'm sure the Kurds and every other group that uses "terrorism" would *love* to wage war using M-1 tanks and bombing their enemies with F-16s, cruise missiles and drones. But they don't have those weapons, so they use what they have.  As the old saying goes, "War is just terrorism but with a bigger budget."
the State Department today warned that it would be a provocation to send the Israeli military into the West Bank Palestinian town of Susya and bulldoze it to the ground, despite an Israeli High Court ruling approving that action.  The US government often bleats out these faux criticisms or warnings about blatantly illegal Israeli actions.  We see this every time Israel announces a new land theft and new housing settlement.  It's nothing more than moralistic PR propaganda by the US. Israel will ignore the US, and the US knows that Israel will not take the US seriously -- this is raw political theater.   "If you are a young Muslim American and head off to the Middle East for a spell in a fundamentalist 'madrassa,' or religious school, Homeland Security will probably greet you at the airport when you return. But if you are an American Jew and you join hundreds of teenagers from Europe and Mexico for an eight-week training course run by the Israel Defense Forces, you can post your picture wearing an Israeli army uniform and holding an automatic weapon on MySpace." -- Journalist Chris Hedges.
Feel free to copy and post it there if you want.  My guess is that it would be downvoted into oblivion because it (a) goes against mainstream thinking, and (b) raises fundamental/systemic issues of equality and justice.  Seriously, give it a try and see if my guess is right...  **Edit:** And (c) there are a lot of Reddit users from the UK. With UK people indoctrinated from birth to have deference to the monarchy, any question of the legitimacy/logic of the monarchy is akin to asking an American about the legitimacy/necessity of wars waged by the US or the amount of US defense[sic] spending.
There would be no war in Eastern Ukraine if Russia did not invade the country.  My guess is that Russia is supplying weapons and support, volunteers, and perhaps some specialist troops, but it's far from what anyone can call an "invasion". And again, Putin makes a valid point when he says he could easily take over the country if he wanted to.   And if you honestly believe that story about how Crimea was taken over,  Yes, I followed the events pretty closely from multiple sources. Are you saying the Crimean parliament did *not* do those things? Are you saying the Crimean peoples are marching in the streets in opposition to reunification with Russia?  Or are Crimeans *thankful* because they're better off, more free, and they're not going to have to endure the austerity that the EU will now inflict on the Ukrainian people?   and if you honestly think that the US overthrew the Ukrainian government twice (especially in 2004. Dude, are you kidding me?),  As one of our diplomats bragged, we spent $5 *billion* in Ukraine since the 1990s. The US government does not spend that kind of money on nothing.  We have a long history of overthrowing governments all across the world -- we've done it *many* times since WWII. We are *experts* at funding dissidents and protesters, manipulating internal grievances in a country, and overthrowing governments with so-called "colored revolutions." Ukraine's 2 coups just examples of our skulduggery.
The article makes good points.  We don't want to admit is that the Obama administration pulled the trigger on a war based on lies and propaganda to overthrow the Libyan dictatorship. The war was just as evil as our war on Iraq.  The key difference is that we did not kill as many people and we did not put thousands of ground troops into Libya -- only a small number to direct air strikes. Most of our ground fighting was done using Muslim fundamentalist proxy forces just like when we allied with Muslim fundamentalists to attack Afghanistan during the Carter and Reagan administrations.  But we "won," right?  We succeeded in overthrowing a dictator and turning the African country with the highest life expectancy into a feuding hellhole. The Libyan people lost -- big-time!  Yay Hillary and Obama! Yay USA! :(   "I get the feeling that no matter what the Americans touch, they end up with Libya or Iraq." -- Russian President Vladimir Putin.
New Report Shatters Myth of 'Nuclear Renaissance'
Why the downvotes? Isn't this a huge political story? Was anyone else aware of this clever scheme to allow criminal banks to suck at the public trough?  I cannot help but to think this is just a Yellow Dog Democrat response -- it's a story critical of the Obama administration's refusal to prosecute *criminal* banks and to throw banksters in prison, a story which highlights the rampant, out-of-control corruption that permeates *both* of our ruling political parties, so therefore it must be downvoted and ignored.   "And the banks - hard to believe in a time when we're facing a banking crisis that many of the banks created - are still the most powerful lobby on Capitol Hill. And they frankly own the place." -- Illinois Sen. Richard Durbin, May 8, 2009.
Relevant: [The Death of Kathryn Steinle: Turning Tragedy into Racist, Anti-Immigrant Hysteria](http://www.counterpunch.org/2015/07/15/the-death-of-kathryn-steinle-turning-tragedy-into-racist-anti-immigrant-hysteria/).
Because our corporate mass media propaganda system preaches that incessantly as a statement of fact. It's just that simple.  It's the same thing with the claim that Iran is hell-bent on building a nuclear weapon. It doesn't matter that all dozen-plus of the US' intelligence agencies say Iran has no nuclear weapons program, the media (and government) makes the claim and endlessly repeats the false claim and millions either outright believe it or think there must be something to it.  We saw the same type of lies in other US wars -- everything from Vietnam to Iraq. Why did people believe that Iraq had WMD? Why do millions *still* believe that Iraq had WMD?   "If you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it, people will eventually come to believe it." -- Nazi Germany's propaganda chief Joseph Goebbels.
The last time I was in the UK it was still possible to find pubs that served lukewarm beer. And since we're talking about barbarism, I thought that pretty much was the definition of that word. Glad to see you guys decided to join the rest of the modern world. :)
No, what worries them much more deeply is that Iran might rejoin the community of nations, possibly even as a diplomatic (and eventually trading) partner of the United States and Europe.  I would disagree. What worries those opposed to the deal is that it *lessens* the ability of the US to enact regime change on Iran.  The US' goal is hegemony over the entire Middle East -- to have the entire region composed of US vassal states that will follow Washington's orders.  Iran is *independent.* An Iran integrated into the global community without sanctions is an Iran that will continue to be independent of Washington's orders. *That* is what imperialists in Washington oppose, that is why they created the fiction about nuclear weapons, and that is why they support regime change in Iran.   "I hate all forms of imperialism, and I consider the US brand to be the most loathsome and contemptible." -- Nelson Mandela.
Strange Bedfellows: Why Are the Koch Brothers   Van Jones Teaming Up to End Mass Incarceration? "The core values of the Republican Party around liberty...are being completely violated. The core values of the Democratic Party around justice, social justice, racial justice...totally being violated."
If you want to complain about the global elite  What? I never said a word about any global elite.  You're either putting words in my mouth or are jumping to wild conclusions based on your own stereotypes or erroneous thinking. My post was clearly focused on the US.   Also your solution of "join the national guard"  Again, you're putting words in my mouth. As a veteran the last thing I would ever do is to suggest someone join our nation's war machine. My suggestion of the *Peace* *Corps* is pretty much the opposite, but its point was to answer the OP's question.  Have a nice day.
since it is the long standing, mature democracy.  We're not a democracy, we never have been. We're a republic.  Our propaganda systems preach we're a democracy, but that just is not true. For example, the American people only got the power to vote for our Senators around the time of WWI. And as I said, we still do not elect the US president as the recent 2000 election showed (in that election, more of the American people voted for Al Gore compared to George Bush, but the US' ruling class wanted Bush in power, so the Supreme Court issued a warped ruling to do just that; and that wasn't the first time a US president was put into office that way).  The sad thing is that we're losing our republic. Today the US government breaks whatever laws it wants to with impunity. Our Bill of Rights has been shattered and is routinely violated.  Last year a group of researchers from Princeton University did a study and reported that the US was actually an "oligarchy". (I would argue some sort of plutocratic oligarchy, but the difference is trivial.) This study got a fair amount of media publicity, which was surprising (see [this](http://www.commondreams.org/views/2014/04/14/us-oligarchy-not-democracy-says-scientific-study) or [that](http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-echochambers-27074746)).   But can you tell me where can I read more about this?  Okay, I'll take "this" to mean the problems with our electoral system, ballot access, and vote rigging/suppression. This is the tricky part. Off the top of my head I cannot think of any good books on the topic (though there are no doubt some).  Problems with our electoral system are *many.* But the big problem is that the issue is ignored by the corporate mass media. The media reports each instance individually, but they never put the individual instance into a greater context, and they never examine the system as a whole. After reporting on each incident, the media will then quickly move on to other news stories/infotainment.  People that do examine the electoral system as a whole and point out flaws are typically labeled "un-American" and are smeared as "radicals" or "conspiracy theorists" or some other disparagement.  But here are a few ways the electoral system is biased and rigged:  The plutocrats who control both the Republicans and Democrats work to make the entire electoral system as expensive as possible. This is done in many ways. Politicians have to pay for airtime on the corporate mass media -- thus, it is nearly impossible for candidates to get name recognition and publicity unless they are successful in begging for money. Presidential campaigns now cost over $1 *billion* -- and so we do not see candidates that are not approved of by the rich. Just the raw costs to simply get on the ballot in all 50 states costs well over $1 million -- again, a way to eliminate candidates that are not acceptable to the rich.  Even if a candidate gets on the ballot, they're still discriminated against. On election night, rather than treating all candidates equally the corporate mass media only reports on Republican and Democratic presidential candidates. Other so-called "third party" candidates (that "third party" label itself carries a type of bias which implies they're somehow an outsider or illegitimate candidate) have to wait days or weeks to just find out how many votes they got. For local elections, the discrimination is not as great, but the same trends and attitudes apply.  Ballot access is a major problem. Republicans and Democrats work to make it hard for candidates to get on the ballot, even for local elections. They claim that this is to prevent non-serious "frivolous" candidates while ignoring the fact that anyone has a *right* to be on the ballot. And the bottom line is that even in states that have relatively easy ballot access rules, they're not overrun with "frivolous" candidates. One way the 2 ruling parties restrict ballot access is to pass laws requiring a huge amount of signatures to get on the ballot, and that those signatures have to be collected in a very short time. This means that only a large, organized group can even attempt to get on the ballot. Another way of restricting ballot access is to require high fees from the state to check the signatures that have to be collected -- again, a way of using money to restrict ballot access.  In the post-Vietnam War era, the US passed a media access law that said that all candidates have to have equal media time. This is why today on our TVs we see the opposing Republican/Democratic party response after the president makes a speech. However, our corrupt courts have interpreted that law to apply to only Republicans and Democrats -- third-parties are ignored.  Even if a candidate gets onto the ballot the electorate is discriminated against. In many states, people who live in wealthy areas typically wait in line to vote for only a few minutes. But in poor areas, the wait in line to vote is often *hours* -- this is simply a way of biasing the vote. We have a long, dirty history of suppressing people's right to vote. We used to use everything from voting taxes to reading tests to discriminate and to deter poor people or black people from voting. We invented the entire system of "voter registration" in Pennsylvania to prevent/suppress uppity farmers from voting. But those old heavy-handed ways of suppressing people's right to vote have largely disappeared.  But as I said, we have a long history of this and it still goes on. Today many states are enacting requirements for people to have certain identification cards to vote -- a simply tactic to deter a percentage point or two of people from voting. (Intelligent voter suppression does not use heavy-handed methods; it rigs the vote using only small-but-significant percentage.) But the story is the same: The people being targeted for voter suppression are poor people, blacks and other minorities.  Give me some time to think about it and if I think of any good resources/books I'll add back to this thread.   "How to get people to vote against their interests and to really think against their interests is very clever. Its the cleverest ruling class that I have ever come across in history. Its been 200 years at it. Its superb." -- Gore Vidal
Note how the rightist Washington Times focuses the story on unsubstantiated claims of a Russian troop buildup, a simple ruse to spin the story away from the real news -- that the neo-Nazi Right Sector openly attacking the oligarchic Ukrainian government.  Clearly the real threat is the Right Sector, and [the coup government is coming unglued](https://consortiumnews.com/2015/07/13/the-mess-that-nuland-made/). Heck, the story even uses a "save the children" claim of the neo-Nazis holding a 6 year old hostage -- classic propaganda to appeal to people's emotions!
Why was it removed?  My guess -- and it's only a guess -- is simple Reddit censorship. Reddit is plagued with censorship, it's an epidemic.  Censorship by moderators abounds in *many* sub-reddits. Something like this is directly on topic, but it is critical of the NFL in a huge, economic way which targets the corruption of the owners -- thus, it is huge target for some moderator to twist the rules so it can be censored.
Our tax dollars at work. Go military-industrial complex, go!  General Dynamics Inc. stock must be going through the roof! Yay capitalism!!  /s   "In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists, and will persist." -- President (and former General) Dwight Eisenhower, Jan 17, 1961.
Is this surprising? This is the "[Starve the Beast](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Starve_the_beast)" strategy. It's been advocated and used by the far right to privatize/corporatize government for decades. They're now doing the same thing to public education.  From the point of view of capitalists, public ownership of anything is an error; why have publicly-owned services/institutions when you can have privately-owned for-profit corporations?   "Theres class warfare, all right, but its my class, the rich class, thats making war, and were winning." -- Warren Buffett, the 2nd richest man in the world.
Ahh, the old conspiracy smear.  Do you deny that the US government lies like I said above? Do you deny that they have committed unapologetic torture as a national policy and now refuse to enforce the laws and int'l treaty and to prosecute the criminals?  It's absolutely stupid to take the government's word about military and geo-political matters -- stupid!  Again, Texans' objections could be easily rendered moot simply by embedding reporters in the military units -- so why is the government not doing that?
Greece is officially not a sovereign country, and the Greek people know that it is certainly no "democracy" where the will of the people count.  Instead, Greece is ruled by unelected capitalists.  Tsipras should resign in disgrace, and if not, the Greek people should riot until he flees office.
Were the victims at the event paid actors?
This is in contrast to what I heard on NPR, that they are taking new precautions.  Two thoughts come to mind:  The first is the government papering over the issues that caused the 2008/9 financial crisis. We passed a law or two to placate the public, and the entire unregulated derivatives market chugs on waiting for the next disaster.  The second is to consider the source: NPR. While NPR offers soft, objectively-spun criticism from a liberal perspective, we should never forget that NPR is funded by the US government and corporations (and a few people who contribute to their never-ending fund drives); thus NPR will *never* tackle our deep-seated issues of systemic corruption or question the fundamental growth-based mindset or morality of capitalism.