Have you tried Linux Mint?
I want to share this with people on facebook. Can you provide your sources please or at least point me in the right direction? Thanks.
Oh.
Neurons to Nirvana: Understanding Psychedelic Medicines
Are you in highschool?  If so, you can look forward to people to become less clichy and obsessed with superficial things later on.  Even in college a lot people still have to grow out of that.  And honestly, those people aren't worth your time anyway.  It sounds like you are aware of a lot of your own good qualities.  That will get you far.  Don't worry about who likes or doesn't like you.  Just do your thing, and eventually you are bound to run into people who you vibe with.  Be someone that you yourself are proud of and everything else will fall into place. I wish you luck!
*applauds*
[Some people](http://www.lardbiscuit.com/lard/truefa.html) like you for that!
Labeling laws are kind of the last resort of people who are concerned about ecological effects.  The federal government is a revolving door with the biotech industry.  Look at [this chart](http://occupy-monsanto.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/individual_monsanto_federal_position-large.jpg) for details.  Because of the governments unwillingness to impose rigorous testing standards, and instead rely on the companies' own research to approve new strains, the only option a concerned citizen has is to avoid supporting the industry with their purchasing power.  Of course, this is very difficult to do if we don't have knowledge of which products contain GMOs, and that's the way they like it.
It sounds to me like you want it to happen. Your defeatist attitude is not helping.  If organization is what we need then it's time to get organized.  What they are talking about is allowing corporations to overrule democracy through extra-governmental "courts" where corporations can sue governments for enacting laws that are harmful to their profits!  If not people knew what was happening they would be up in arms.  Our apathy doesn't run that deep.  That's why they are conducting these meetings in absolute secret. We stopped SOPA and we can stop this. I'm not saying it will be easy, but united we can do it.
I'm saddened to see such a close-minded comment upvoted on this sub.  I also wonder if you have ever sat with Mother Ayahuasca?  This video is To me, this video speaks of how to scientific is merging with the spiritual.  We are learning the physiological and scientific reason on how this amazing concoction of herbs works her healing magic.  How do you know this man is "deluded"? What exactly about his comment gives you that impression?  I think his having done it so many times means he knows more about it than you or I (for the record, I've done it once.)
(It's not.)
Found the vegan!
Firstly, I'm glad you experience the magic of the universe.    How would my world be any more magical if I believed a talking bush told me to commit war crimes?  This is a total strawman.   But I think what really sets us apart is the red pill/blue pill question: could it be that you prefer to hold wrong beliefs that are comforting rather than true beliefs that are not.  What really sets us apart is that you believe in an objective reality and I believe it is more subjective.  That ultimately comes down to a philosophical debate, because it is impossible to prove the nature of the universe to be either way.  But take a look at special relativity for an example of how reality might be different for different observers.
What are you talking about?  Are you implying that I hate people on this subreddit?  I'm an active participant in this subreddit and I want to see it be the best that it can be.
This is the single funniest sign I've ever seen in my life.  I love thinking about the who designed this sign and how they managed to get it approved.  We need more sign designers/approvers like this!
I met with a client to discuss a potential new educational game.  Now I'm playing a game.. hehe.  Once I get that out of my system it's back to working on my game I've been working on for the past 6 months.  I think it's only a couple weeks from Beta now!
[S04](/s There's a spoiler in your title.)
According to the wiki: HBO announced Fortune as playing "Night's Watch Officer", but according to the actor and other sources this is the same role as Bowen Marsh in the books.  In the fourth season Fortune took over the role of Othell Yarwyck, which had been played by Dennis McKeever in the previous seasons. The reason for this sudden change has not yet been explained; or if the characters themselves have been merged.
wut the even fuck?
I know this might sound strange, that the solution to your problem might be another drug, but have you ever tried Ayahuasca?  I've heard of people spontaneously quiting cigs and other drugs after just using it once in a ceremonial setting.  Besides that, the most important thing is that you want to change.  At the end of the day, you have control over your own body and that is a very good thing.  Keep a journal of your progress and be proud of yourself when you manage to control yourself! You will get through this, because it's what you want and what you know you need.
I just watched it last night! i get the reference! i get the reference!
Ok, I had to cut off the connector on my old alt because it was melted into it and solder on a new one.  I have 3 issues left to finish this up!  1. I managed to get my shiny new alternator in, except for this piece (the 3rd image down).  It goes underneath the alt with the long bolt going through it and screws on to the back, I guess to give it more support.  This is probably a dumb question, but how important is this?  It was really hard to get it to go on properly.  2.  I think the belt is a little too loose because that gear below it does not spin when the belt is moving.  It seems almost impossible to get the belt tighter by swiveling the alternator.  Tips?  3. I also replaced the battery and when I went to connect it again there is this 3rd wire (that I'm holding in the picture).  I know this was connected to the negative terminal but I'm really not sure how.  Can I put it in with the other stranded wires? Oh yes, and it starts up fine without it connected, but I'm sure it should be.  OK, thanks for helping everyone.  Really looking forward to having this finished successfully.
Upsagans for you, good sir!
Dude... don't tell me how "Jews" operate.  Say all you want about Zionists, people with a political agenda, but when you go throwing the word "Jew" around you come off sounding like a bigoted prick.  Not all jews are Zionists and many are adamantly anti-Zionist.  If you read the article posted you would understand that.
I just made an account to say this, and I'm hijacking the top comment to say this, and I'm probably going to be downvoted for this but...  Upvote me.
I'm trying to find the source for the super high resolution capabilities of spy satellites.  That they exist at all is [very well documented](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reconnaissance_satellite) and is [confirmed by former DIA-aget Russel Tice](https://www.boilingfrogspost.com/2013/06/19/podcast-show-112-nsa-whistleblower-goes-on-record-reveals-new-information-names-culprits/).  Now think about how clearly you can make out a car in Google Earth, and this is just what is publicly available.  They've spent billions of dollars on this technology.  I'll keep looking for a source for the candy bar wrapper claim.
Bingo.
Thanks for your reply.  I don't think you're an asshole, just coming from a different perspective.  Ok cool, but that's still 100% anecdotal and completely unscientific. It means absolutely nothing to anyone other than you or your friend.  I understand you are coming at this completely from a scientific POV here, but I really don't think science is the only way to ascertain truth.  There is such a thing as intuition, and just plain observation and reasoning (which science does apply, but most of the time we do this without doing complete scientific studies).  I don't know if there are any studies comparing the prevalence of bad trips on shrooms vs. lsd, but I'd be very curious to see the results.  I do take issue with discounting personal experience completely.  I trust my own experience much more than anecdotes OR studies (which are sometimes falsified or inherently flawed).  Sometimes personal conclusions are wrong too, but at least I know I can trust myself.  This is a huge philosophical topic right here, which I'm sure we can could back and forth on all day, but honestly, do you not believe anything you learned through experience unless there are numerous, repeated, well-constructed studies about it?  but your wording implies that Psilocybin is somehow a more "true" psychedelic than others, and that the differences between psilocybin and chemicals with a similar structure or effect are inherent shortcomings in relation to psilocybin  I do think there is something to be said about the fact that mushrooms have been around on Earth for as long as we have.  [Terrance McKenna had some interesting thoughts on the subject](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsZbxRzWYLc)  This is only very loosely even close to the truth. First of all, there's not just one "lock" and there's no "distorted" way for the "key" to fit.  I was speaking metaphorically.  I have a general understanding of neurotransmitters and how psychoactive drugs work.   it just strikes me as somewhat intellectually dishonest to make a post implying that shrooms are somehow better or healthier than LSD, or that there's any relative reason to avoid LSD in the first place.  I don't have an agenda and I'm not trying to mislead people.  I encourage everyone to do their own research and trust their own experiences!  I also don't think there is anything wrong with sharing one's own experience and the thoughts that have come out of those experiences.
Everybody is is saying "oh, it's not so bad! could be worse!" But why are we assuming that it is our right or necessity to eat chicken in the first place?  This is just a small sampling of the torture animals have to endure under factory farming.  I think if you want to eat animals you should be comfortable with killing the animal yourself.  Don't leave it to a big industrialized process that has no regard for humane practices and also leaves you completely removed from the process that delivers the meat to your plate.  I'm not saying no one should ever eat meat, but the way it is done in modern society is completely out of control.  It's literally destroying the planet, destroying people's health, and leaving a trail of misery and suffering along the way.
John Lennon
This is absolute nonsense.  Anyone who has experienced a lucid dream knows this cannot be true because they have been conscious WITHIN the dream and can recall the narrative.  Lucid dreaming has been scientifically verified by researcher Steven LeBerge who was able to signal from within a dream using a series of eye movements.
What I don't understand about /atheism is why there seems to be a false dichotomy between Christians and Atheists, as if those are the only two options and that the Christian view of God is the only possible one.  Many people have belief in something they call "God" which bears no resemblance to the spiteful, meddling Man in the sky.  It seems like a straw-man argument to me.