High-fat diet impairs functioning of the brain regardless of weight changes, study finds
Artificial recreation of happy memories may become the next big weapon against depression
South African archaeological wonder-sites reveal more of the origins of our unity and diversity
Brain scans reveal the neural networks that get songs stuck in your head
Human color vision gives people the ability to see nanoscale differences
A naturally occurring bioluminescent protein found in deep sea shrimp has been touted as a game-changer in terms of monitoring the way drugs interact with live cells
Marketing has discovered neuroscience, but the results are more glitter than gold
French scientists published evidence Thursday of pesticide contamination of lab rat feed which they said discredited historic toxicity studies
Shootings and Mass Murders Seem to Be Contagious
People have evolved to be smarter and taller than their predecessors, a study of populations around the world suggests
What the Justice System Gets Wrong About Eyewitness Testimony
NASA's Hubble Space Telescope has detected a stratosphere, one of the primary layers of Earth's atmosphere, on a massive and blazing-hot exoplanet known as WASP-33b
450 Dead Babies Found in Athenian Well Shed Light on Ancient Greeks
Environmental factors account for the link between cannabis and psychosis
Cyberbullying less emotionally harmful to kids than traditional in-person harassment
Children as young as four years old may reap better health from altruistic giving, a behavior that tends to be less common among kids from high-income families
Climate change debate fueled by 'echo chambers,' study finds
Ecstasy research: Scientists find MDMA could help tackle pathological self-criticism
Persistent nightmares in childhood could be linked to psychotic experiences in later life
Study: Acceptance of premarital sex is at an all-time high, along with an acceptance of homosexuality
Death of 5-year-old girl in accidental shooting by another 5-year-old brings misdemeanor charge against local fireman
Why Brain-to-Brain Communication Is No Longer Unthinkable
New research suggests mindfulness-based cognitive therapy could provide an alternative non-drug treatment for people who wish to stop antidepressant treatment
Autism and prodigy share a common genetic link: study
This funny-looking mushroom helps to improve neural and mental health
Here's a link to the study (it's behind a paywall, though): http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1074742715000362
"Also, we cannot be arrested or prosecuted under the new statute for recording on-duty government officials who are talking to the public as part of their jobs, because those conversations are not private. The new statute respects the appellate court ruling in the case the ACLU brought against the Cook County States Attorneys Office: on-duty police officers have no reasonable expectation of privacy in their conversations in public places." -- ACLU of Illinois
Also... it's not a study, it's a seminar paper. And if you look at the actual statistical analysis and the graphs, it is impossible to support this headline at all. The economists found a statistically significant, but weak negative correlation between religiosity and patents per capita. Meanwhile, other factors, such as education, had strong correlations.  Many 'religious areas' (Egypt, Texas) are 'leaving behind' more secular areas (France, New York), according to the graphs. But really -- since when was an area being 'left behind' because it has a low rate of patents per capita?
Not contrails. Those are Vanu chemtrails, creating an atmospheric mirror in the sky so amoral VS scientists can grow their nanite-modified crops.
Bingo
I don't disagree, but seeing people hit a jump pad and fly through the air while standing up perfectly straight just reminds me of Starsiege: Tribes. It was a cool concept 15 years ago, now it is just goofy. (Fun level is relatively unchanged.)  I wish SOE would remove ALL jump pads and give engineers some sort of deployable (wo)man-cannons instead.
TIGTA said, "The term 'Progressives' appears, beginning in August 2010, in a separate section of the BOLO listings that was labeled 'TAG [Touch and Go] Historical' or 'Potential Abusive Historical.' TAG is a group within the IRS that processes applications that are potentially related to terrorism or tax abuse...