Overview for comsilbronze
Thanks, looks about right:~)
I've never been to Moanalua Gardens  I'll never forget when I first came to Japan and people kept asking me where the [Hitachi tree](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moanalua_Gardens) was, and I was like, *Whaaaaat?!"  Then, I was watching TV on Saturday night (Mr. Excitement, right?) and Hitachi sponsors a show and I saw [this.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q8SQNMclNGY)  Went back to Oahu and my memories of Moanalua grew fonder 'cause one of my kids was born at Kaiser.
Overview for ernestoolivares01
Green globs of little critters in the ocean are responsible for half of the cloud droplets that cover the Southern Ocean during the summer, a new study finds. This link between the critters and clouds provides needed insight for predicting the effects of climate change.
Overview for Idontknowwhour1
Alberta Premier Rachel Notley says pipelines are still the best way to transport oil and gas, even though a leak spilled five million litres of emulsion near Fort McMurray this week.
A Kankakee (IL) woman who has spent nearly 30 years in prison for a high-profile kidnapping and murder that she insists she did not commit is expected to appear in court Friday in hopes of getting a new trial.
Wel, *I'm* here for ya!
Overview for michaelgusman
The Iranian nuclear deal shows the U.S. willingness to engage even countries "with long-standing differences," the State Department said Tuesday, stressing the U.S. is ready for negotiations as long as Pyongyang is serious about denuclearization.
Australia's cattle industry has taken a sudden hit after Indonesia slashed its live cattle imports from Australia.
Let's say I moved to Chicago and couldn't find a job. All I have to do is to pack everything in the car and drive to the next city over.  In Hawaii, your options are limited and it takes a pretty big chunk of change to get over there, let alone return back to wherever it is you came from if things bottom out.
5 years ago, Canadian government made a significant environmental pledge to protect the countrys land and fresh water  and now efforts are falling behind the world average: Only 10% of Canadas landscape is protected, according to a report released by the Canadian Parks and Wilderness Society.
The U.S. Geological Survey, in collaboration with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, has released a study that will enable ecologists, managers, policy makers, and industry to predict the bird fatalities at a wind facility prior to it being constructed.
Overview for juicyjaffablog
Hundreds of members of the gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender community filed an unprecedented request Tuesday with the Japan Federation of Bar Associations (JFBA) in a bid to legalize same-sex marriages, saying Japans failure to recognize the practice constitutes a violation of human rights.
Juuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuust a bit hungover.  Don't know why I drank on a Sunday...back on the wagon again!
That's great :)  It is and it isn't. You know me, I'm such a worry-wart that I'm wondering what will go wrong, instead of enjoying it for what it is.   Do you already have a place to stay  Yes, I'm just waiting for the realtor to confirm the exact move in date before I buy a ticket. I know it's a holiday weekend and all, but they're kinda laid back when it comes to all things business in HI.   and a possible job lined up  No. Will have to get on this, but I went through this before when I went from Japan to Hawaii. People don't really want to talk to you unless you're there. Maybe because so many people change their minds at the last minute, but it's next to impossible to set something up via phone/internet.   Do you have a laptop, or are you going to disconnect again?  I do, but I'm not sure what they have there. I may be offline for a week or so, but I'll try to set something up before I go, when the actual move in date is set for sure.
Carma, it's looking pretty good at the moment.  I've got to check back in with the doc next Mon, but other than buying a plane ticket and doing some last minute shopping, I'm pretty much 99.9% sure I'll be off next month.  Strangely enough, right around my cakeday again!  Unless the doc tells me that my body is seriously fucked, it's looking like I'll be basking in the sun soon enough:~)
The unsinkable Somatsumaru: After more than four years and 7,000 kilometres, a Japanese scallop fisherman prepares for a reunion with his boat in B.C.
The House of Councilors in Japan passed a bill into law on Friday allowing companies to obtain patents on inventions by their employees  more than a decade after Nobel Prize winner Shuji Nakamura launched a lawsuit against his company over the invention of the blue light-emitting diode.
Japan's Federation of Electric Power Companies, whose members include the 10 main power monopolies, and 19 other power firms have set a target to curb carbon emissions per 1 kilowatt of power sold to around 0.37 kg in 2030, down 35 percent from 0.57 kg in 2013.
Dozens of non-native invasive plants and animals are established in British Columbia, arriving on the wind, in nursery plants, soil and on improperly cleaned boats. Invasives are more than a nuisance, costing millions in crop losses, ruined infrastructure and threatening natural biodiversity.
What's surprised you the most about life in Hawaii in the past ten years?   I've got a *friend* who's been living off-island for pretty much the past ten years. Sure, he's popped back from time to time, every now and then, but as we all know, playing the tourist and actually living in Hawaii are two different things.  Life being what it is, my *friend* will be moving back to Oahu (not 100% official, but he's 80% of the way there, he's paddling his ass off and can see the Islands on the horizon!) and he'd like to know:  "If you left Hawaii in say, 2005, and came back today, what do you thing has changed the most about life in Hawaii?"
A natural helium leak in Southern California reveals that the Newport-Inglewood fault is deeper than once thought  with a direct line from the Earth's surface to the planet's hot, dense mantle.
North Korea, already one of the least-wired places in the world, appears to be cracking down on the use of the internet by even the small number of foreigners who can access it with relative freedom by blacklisting and blocking social media accounts or websites deemed to carry harmful content.
Overview for abuchi12345
It has a goo-spewing mouth on its belly, is covered in toxic slime, hosts a brain-eating parasite and, like any ambitious mutant monster, the New Guinea flatworm is invading the U.S. by way of sunny Miami.
Smoking ban at state parks, beaches goes into effect in Hawaii.
New security measures are being put in place at a maximum-security prison to close gaps exploited by two inmates who escaped last month: stepped-up searches of inmates' cells, staffing changes to ensure bed checks are more effective and installation of security gates in the facility's tunnels.
The Conservative government's "ideological" changes to federal medicinal marijuana rules will prompt other cities to follow Vancouver's lead and regulate pot shops on their own, a local councillor Kerry Jang says.