you guys seem to be reading it as if she was fucked for several minutes afterwards. He tried to hug her and convince her to continue with the classic "babe come on, don't worry about them ect ect. for 4 seconds. the moment she pulled off if him he let her go.  it's not like she was held by her wrists and fucked until she finished. I watched it and it was nothing like that, this was seriously taken out of context!
exactly. Nasty ass molly shits in a hot tub.... ugh.
Canadian woman abandons the anti-vax movement after all 7 of her kids get whooping cough
be a use its clearly been edited, this is "realgirls" shopped pictures shouldn't be in here
"dat assss" - Florida man
Posted it, check my profile!
Yesterday I posted an olive and feta crusted chicken and a few people wanted the recipe, so here it is! Straight out of the book. I had used green olives instead for a nicer colour.
Here's my first post, as a lefty I've always wanted to know how my writing stacks up here :)
If you're living in Toronto you just might :)
It's Canada right? Looks like mississauga
It took me a year to convince my boyfriend to let me do this! Something about it is just tons of fun :) it's something we don't have so I think it just becomes curiosity mostly.
I don't drink pop but i love my morning coffee haha
Every day girl
Hey no worries, I raarely get a good quality picture with anyone at raves, pics are honestly my last worry. I like the story more than anything, I always love seeing two people adopt shows and festivals together :) keep it going, there are tons more left to experience!
i tried to give 3 levels of done up, the first one is like full going out kinda makeup, the second is none and the 3rd is just mascara and bronzer
Wow! That is extremely well done!! I have no idea how you made it look a little different on each side but that's really really great! :) thank you so much you can barely tell it was photoshopped at all.  Edit: a word
He walked in eating a cheeseburger hahaha
Not all women like them, but if that the women who do, REALLY do.
Could you slow down? You're going fast.
Yeah thats the chalk drawing I saw of it first as inspiration. I then looked up the artist and found her deviant art page, read up on it and said she'd like it changed around for a tattoo. So as you can see I actually switched it up quite a bit with my tattooist.
Oops sorry!! I didn't realize this was risque in the traditional sense. I'll watch for that next time, thanks for the kind warning :)
It's covered haha so no fear here!
In the GTA, Whitby Ontario. She's amazing but oddly enough she doesnt promote herself much! Just has a private group on facebook that im lucky enough to be a part of. She's really humble and has a loyal client base all by word of mouth.   Recently she was featured as a great Canadian artist in a magazine and I was so happy for her because she never asks for recognition.
I changed my mind! I decided im going to add more the the background on the piece, likely some blue/pink/orange tropical flowers. So its actually going to be a larger piece now rather than just the bird on its own. Perhaps. Not truly decided yet which is why im waiting!
My next sit is February 6th, so i'll post one soon enough! :) i actually found it to be the most painful of any of my tattoos, i have 3 others which are all black and white, this is my first colour piece. I found the most painful spots we're the top of the wings near my butt and the back portion of the bird. But definitely the wings were the worst.  Considering it is the largest piece i've had and also the longest sit at 3.5 hours i feel that was part of the reason it began to hurt quite a bit. It's also a lot of shading and colouring in one spot, but definitely a sensitive area to get a large piece like this
No matter how tough the man, at the end of the day he needs some comfort too.
I invite anyone to post their costumes below!!! I love seeing new ideas!
teeth gritting?
Brash but truthfully, thank you i appreciate that. I don't think i'm ugly so to speak, but there are definitely features that I would consider ugly and sometimes they're all I can see so it brings me down. That's what it comes down to I think. My boyfriend always calls me pretty truly he does like any good boyfriend would! But i'm a woman and subsequently tend to be too hard on myself..
And i take that as a huge compliment haha. I'm really flattered thank you :)
i may be somewhat biased because i absolutely LOVE facial hair, but i really do think it suits you quite well! I would keep it, you have the kind of look that needs a nice manly beard. Not enough me grow em these days! wear it proud :)
They do seem to be common and I have always wasted one, but that is the way I should be looking at it i suppose. My jaw gives me a very round/oval face and I have mixed feelings about that. But thank you a lot it's reassuring to receive comments like this! :)