http://giphy.com/search/mind-blown/
Nice photo!   Consider sharing it with /r/perfecttiming, they'll get a kick out of it.
This was brought up in the lawsuit to challenge the Colorado magazine ban.   The state's response was that it was perfectly legal to have the magazine so long as you only used it with the cartridges that limited the capacity e.g. .458 SOCOM.   Putting other cartridges in the magazine that would allow you to load more than the legal limit (.223) would result in a fine and a trip top the slammer.   It's a perfect example of just how insane these laws actually are.
Awesome, thanks!
Dang. Look at that, another post from tall_liberal2!  So, I've just donated $5 to the Independence Institute in Colorado. They're currently suing the state over the universal background check law, and working with legislators to loosen the state's useless magazine ban.  Thanks for the reminder that I needed to donate to a pro-gun group!
Where's Tufte to go all Hulk style when you need him?  I'm deeply unsurprised that the IRS can fuck up something as simple as a pie chart.
These are the people that know better about Gun Safety. (super cringey debate between gun grabber and pro-rights advocate.)
It's not like there isn't precedent.   Nearly every sheriff in Colorado said the same thing about the gun control laws passed there.
Speaking as someone who's made an on-the-clock cold bore shot on a target at 890 yards with a borrowed rifle*, I'm going to simply ignore your attempts to insult my marksmanship abilities.  That said, let's pretend for a moment that you're right, and "no one needs more than 12 rounds."  Please explain how your perceived "need" makes it perfectly justifiable to arrest, charge, try, convict, and imprison someone for having a plastic box that you consider to be unnecessary?  Furthermore, please explain how your support for throwing people in prison for owning a plastic box doesn't qualify you as a supporter of gun control.  Thanks.  *Not trying to brag. That's only one thing on a list of many that I've been told is "impressive" that I simply consider above-average.
That's exactly why I posted it.  Granted, I should have been more explicitin stating the connection in the title, and if the mode feel the need to remove the post, I'm not going to get butthurt about it.
This is a hilarious line of thinking from the someone who's an advocate for the party that believes in instituting a modern poll tax in order to exercise one's 2nd amendment rights.  The hypocrisy of the left is utterly hilarious, and the fact that people like you constantly wander around expecting to be taken seriously is, frankly, adorable.  If showing an ID to buy a gun isn't an infringement of one's gun rights, then showing an ID to vote isn't an infringement of voting rights.  If this post tweaked your over-developed sense of self-righteousness, feel free to downvote.
There's no need for you reasonable line of inquiry here.  I find it hilarious that the people who decry the very thought of showing an ID to vote are the exact same people who not only demand that you show an ID to buy a gun, but assume you're a criminal and have no compunction about forcing you to pay to jump through a Byzantine background check system under the threat of jail time.  The Democrats in this state are hypocrites of the first order, and the downvotes my post will garner only reinforce that fact.
Its already illegal to sell a gun to a prohibited person. Even without a UBC law, your scenario would play out pretty much the same, with both criminals going to jail.   If you actually gave a shit about reducing gun crime, you'd actually make it easier for anyone to conduct a background check and simply allow anyone to submit a NICS request without forcing them to go through an FFL, or you'd mandate that government issued IDs should be conspicuously marked so that anyone can ascertain the legality of the purchaser at a glance in the same way that licenses are marked to easily tell if someone is of legal drinking age or not.   Of course, as a supporter of gun control, you're completely  incapable of seeing gun owners as anything other than an adversary to mock and harass, so it wouldn't actually occur to you too treat then as anything other than untrustworthy potential criminals, rather than as people who have a vested interest in reducing violent crime, and who could be allies in achieving that goal.
What's hilarious is that he exactly went on a mid-level rant where the whole subject was how he was sooooo much smarter than me.   Frankly, I really think that CE, and his other sock puppet accounts are a compelling argument for tighter moderation of the sub.   It's clear that these people aren't interested in honest discussion, so there's no need to give them a free place to roam.
Aside from political lobbying and such, the NRA is the largest organisation dedicated to offering training classes dealing with many facets of gun ownership, including four hunting, concealed carry and home defense.   They are also one of the largest competitions shooting organizations, with NRA-sponsored shooting matches in every state.   On top of that, they offer consultation on range construction, evaluation and grants for the building and improvement of shooting ranges.   They also offer members insurance on their gun collections.   That's just off the top of my head.
It's interesting reading.  Of particular note is their prescription for requiring the registration of so-called "assault weapons."  Basically, they want to re-categorize semi-auto firearms as Title II NFA guns, and force you to jump through the same hoops for an AR15 that you would have to jump through to get a full-auto M16.  This doesn't mark a change of heart for the left regarding gun control; rather, it's just a change in tactics.
You can see the key holes in the google maps photos if you pan straight up otter straight down.
Tl;dr: Inelastic Supply meets Increased Demand, they get married and have two kids named Increased Prices and Short Supply.  In the last few years there has been a massive spike in interest in guns and marksmanship among the general population.  This demand was enough to outstrip the manufacturers' abilities to make and distribute ammunition, even when running 3 shifts per day, and a lot of companies were reluctant to expand their facilities because its an expensive process and they were unsure if the elevated demand was a temporary thing or indicative of a more permanent trend.
That's the thing.   It's clearly obvious these laws easily circumvented and wholly unenforceable, and preliminary data has shown that to be the case.   Frankly, if anything, gun control advocates should be even more in favor of repealing these laws than gun owners on account of the fact that these laws are so poorly written and unenforceable that they only serve to highlight just how absurd the gun control movement in this country is.
Nope.
Goddamn, you're just too adorable for your own good.  Tell you what.  Why don't you go down to the local PD and float that idea and see how far it gets you.
http://m.washingtonpost.com/news/the-watch/wp/2014/07/22/shaneen-allen-race-and-gun-control/  As it turns out, Allens case isnt unusual at all. Although white people occasionally do become the victims of overly broad gun laws (for example, see the outrageous prosecution of Brian Aitken, also in New Jersey), the typical person arrested for gun crimes is more likely to have the complexion of Shaneen Allen than, say, Sarah Palin.   **Last year, 47.3 percent of those convicted for federal gun crimes were black  a racial disparity larger than any other class of federal crimes, including drug crimes.** *In a 2011 report on mandatory minimum sentencing for gun crimes, the U.S. Sentencing Commission found that blacks were far more likely to be charged and convicted of federal gun crimes that carry mandatory minimum sentences.*  What was that you were saying about talking points, now?
News 5 Investigates: Loopholes in Colorado gun laws. Spoiler Alert: the new laws are a failure.
This is the best point of the entire article.   Gun control isn't about crime or violence, it's about scoring points in the culture war.   The sooner everyone realizes that the movers and shakers of the gun control movement aren't just misguided our mistaken, actively trying to infringe on a civil right just to assuage their own egos, the better of we'll all be.
Musket barrels don't have rifling, which is kind of a requirement for something to be a rifle.  :-)
Intrepid reporter investigates Michael Bloomberg's allegations that Colorado Springs has no roads.
http://tucson13.nytimes-institute.com/2013/05/23/sheriff-releases-photos-of-11-tucson-shooting/  During the attack, Loughner emptied one 33-round magazine into the crowd.* A second magazine jammed, giving bystanders a chance to tackle him before the first police officers arrived.*  http://articles.latimes.com/2011/jan/09/nation/la-na-0110-gabrielle-giffords-20110110  He finally changed the magazine and tried to fire, *but the gun jammed. * Meanwhile, two men from the crowd grabbed him and subdued him, officials said.
I had the same attitude, and only recently began supplementing after doing quite a bit of research on examine.com.  I've been using creatine for about a month now, along with some targeted use of vitamins and minerals (D3, zinc, magnesium, krill oil) and have noticed gains in my ability to complete WODs.  The difference isn't something massive, but I find that in really hard WODs where I have to really dig deep to finish, there's actually something at the bottom to use.   Frankly, I wish I had started supplementing years ago.
Gun debate heats up Monday over Colorado bill to repeal background-check law
Surfing in Blood (part 3): A little bit of everything.
2013 BLACK RIFLE BLACK FRIDAY DEALS
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg joins Colorado recall fray with $350K