Its out. At least it is in most territories. Kevin Parker was in this band for a bit as a drummer. He produces a lot of their stuff still I believe.
I can't stop watching this Soba Master make noodles
Killer! 1 gallon will always sound like a lot to me.
Record of the year for me
great. I have never felt passionate about a candidate before and for the first time, I am extremely excited about backing somebody who could bring about the progress we need with a track record to prove it. Working to spread the word as well as support as much as I can for my state.
Hey Andr. Love your remixes and originals a bunch! What is your process for making another artists song your own? How do you conceptualize a remix from start to finish? Cheers.
You smart smart human, you
[Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7VuGknEfQY) is her full vision from the House of the Undying.   Edit: That second paragraph might be one of my favorite new theories. Thanks for that! I couldn't think of the parallel's - with her family being up there I mean - and now it makes so much more sense. They did say some heavy clues were laden throughout season 2 for future episodes. Would be huge to see some of this come to fruition.
fresh mint 100%
Was at around 63 degrees during primary fermentation. Recipe below.   http://www.brewersfriend.com/homebrew/recipe/view/13843/chocolate-mint-stout
Jury Duty
Leedle?
Typing 'tomato, tomato' doesn't make any sense at all.
Killer
That guy must really hate the Orioles
If you wear sunglasses at night they are starglasses
I know! Check [this](http://www.wired.co.uk/news/archive/2015-02/26/spotify-axes-apps) article. Looks like the apps took away from actually listening and discovering music aside from a few key players. Musixmatch was so popular they just integrated it.
how was your commute today?
What music do you listen to that would surprise people you know and how does it not follow your regular listening habbits?   I'll start. I listen to Rush and prog rock as much as I listen to what is considered "hip" or "trendy" today. That and some awesome more dad esc yaght rock; I am far from a dad. What do you listen to that would make your friends go "hmmm"?
Shit
I agree. So pumped for their album. If you like Snarky Puppy and Bill Laurance you'd love Dynamo. Check out (Pride)[ Dynamo - Pride (Find Your Way)[https://youtu.be/wUxXaHdzxQU]
I know how to sport
Hence the question. I had no idea. I now know all of this and so much more. It's great.
Do you see this changing in the future? How will we use wood to build our homes? Do you think we will see a shift to using more manmade materials over wood? Have you started to see this at all? Sorry for the questions. Very interested to learn what your thoughts are.   Edit: I am speaking from a North American perspective. I am learning now that it seems we love our timber more than most of the world. Fascinating to hear about the alternatives and how sustainable wood is!
Been training to become a tokemon master
i do that also.
great soundtrack. This reminds me a lot of some Phillip Glass operas. Check out Satyagraha if you like the Interstellar score.   Unrelated to Glass, Steve Reichs Music for 18 Musicians is phenomenal. You will certainly go places if you listen to that above a [4]
ET. I was terrified. Then later that year my family and I went to universal studios and wanted to ride to ET themed ride. That entire 3 minutes was my small version of hell. Snot everywhere from crying. :(
I have a Technics SA 303 and wondering if anyone has the same issues as me.   Hey all. New to owning any vintage gear so go easy on me :D I just got this receiver and after getting to know it a bit better, I have grown to really love it. There are some kinks however: -Upon opening the box after getting it from my FedEx man and plugging it in, the left channel produced a very fuzzy, uncentered sound. After playing around, it seemed to go away. This was all in while my turntable was plugged into phono. Aux seems to work ok in that regard. Phono later seemed to work fine. Used for a few days and no issues. After work today I played a record and the left channel seemed to do the same thing but after switching to aux and back to phono, that fuzzy gross sound was gone. I feel like it needs a few to warm up. Anyone else have similar experience? -While plugged into aux and with phones plugged in, the volume in the left channel decreases suddenly w.o warning.  -Overall, the left channel is more muffled than a crystal clear right. I tested the speakers and it is not them. In the mix, it all sounds balanced and really warm. I have checked both the main and remote channels and they produce the same sound.  -In the end, I love the quality of sound this thing produces. Overall, my Technics can play many records and sound great especially if I am spinning vintage records (Rush, Steely Dan, Police, Steve Miller Etc) and even sounds great with the newer stuff (Glass Animals, Sharon Jones, Flylo etc) It seems to me that hiccups only happen within the first 10 minutes off a cold start. I am wondering if these little quirks are all part of owning awesome equipment like this and if anyone has similar problems and how they deal/dealt with them. Thanks all!
Wow I really appreciate this! Thanks a lot. I will definitely try this soon and get back to you. As soon as I get this 8 Gal kettle I can definitely do a 5 gal full boil and not be as paranoid.   I do have one question. When you say add hops to the secondary, is this immediately after I transfer it from the primary after initial fermentation?
wow thanks so much! Yup that sounds about right.
Ah. Thank you for that clarification. Thats what I thought. Very informative. This is a new hobby for me and I am excited to take it further. Even more pumped to drink this brew :D