When the Light Left   It was one of those days where the suns far-reaching rays seeped through the windows, infecting my very bones with its warm laziness. I lay sprawled across a large sofa, eyes closed and letting the sunlight wash over me. I could feel my skin bristling in response to the relentless heat but the feeling was far preferred to any sort of movement that would break the seal, so to speak, of warmth and pure nothingness. There was only a small handful of situations conducive to truly voiding my mind of all thoughts, and basking in the heat on a quiet afternoon was one of them. Sleep bathed my eyelids as I felt what little consciousness my thoughtless brain had retained slipping away. For once, the depths of my mind ceased to resemble a bustling fish market, and the overlapping onion layers of thoughts and ideas stretched and flattened, stretched and flattened, until there was nothing left but empty silence.   Empty silence.   Empty silence.    Until there was neither silence nor emptiness. A deafening bang ripped through the sluggish air, tearing aside the slow, heavy, warmth that had settled around me. The noise sent an echoing boom throughout the halls of my home and jolted my senses out of my lethargy. I shot up and immediately felt a sense of panic envelop. The air had gone cold. All traces of warm laziness had disappeared, replaced by a frigid chill. I had experienced the hairs on my neck and arms standing up before, but never the hairs on my scalp. It felt as though each pore on the top of my head had expanded and risen in an eerie, haunting manner that I knew I would never forget. Trembling with cold, I slowly rose from the cushions of the couch, and made my way to the back door of my kitchen, which led out to a patio. The noise, in the loosest manner of the word, seemed to have come from every direction, but my instincts led me to the back of the house. I quickly pushed open the door, and was met with, simply put, nothing. There was nothing but black. The kind of pitch black that eyes dont adjust to within a few minutes. I pulled out my phone and tapped the home button to check the time, wondering if I had fallen asleep for hours on that sofa, losing all track of time as one sometimes does on an eventless Sunday afternoon. It was 3:48 pm. I felt my heart beat in my throat and my stomach drop.    I turned on my iPhone flashlight and held it out in front of me, and again, I felt my stomach sink to the ground. There was nothing but darkness. Nothing was illuminated. The light shone forward in a straight beam, and all around it was blackness like I had never seen before. I stepped back into my home and the lights had gone out. Pitch black, unperturbed by the flashlight on my phone. Nothing but blackness.    It has been 96 hours since the light left. Ive called friends, searched the Internet and combed TV channels. There are no signs of human existence after 3:45 pm on that day. All TV channels and radio channels show nothing but static. None of my texts or phone calls have been answered. I can still see the webpages on my Internet that were already open, but it seems as though everything came to a screeching standstill at 3:45 pm four days ago. I have no internet access. I had the /r/nosleep submit new text post webpage open in one of my many tabs, and have typed this in the text box. I had started writing a story about demons and spirits, but somehow, the reality I am facing now is much scarier. It is happening. And it is blackness.    When I look away from my laptop screen, I see nothing. I cant see my keyboard. I cant see my fingers. Ive tried leaving my house, but the darkness seems to fill my bones the same way the sunlight did when all this started, and it weighs me down with fear. Fear that I wont be able to find my way back. Fear of what may be waiting. Once in a while when I look outside, I see the glint of yellowed eyes in my peripheral vision for a fraction of a second, and then they vanish. I dont know what else they could be - certainly not a trick of the light, seeing that there is none. I see the eyes a few times a day. I dont know what I could be seeing. I think they really are eyes.    When I look away from my laptop screen, I see nothing. I feel the itch of creatures I cannot see on my skin. The cold still bites, but sometimes, I feel the unmistakable warmth of nonexistent sunlight wash across my skin. My phone died 48 hours in, and I couldnt find its charger. My laptop was plugged into the wall when the light left, so it continues to stay charged. I set alarms on it to help me keep track of time when I sleep. My thoughts consume me. I sometimes wonder if I am anything at all. If I am just part of the darkness. If there ever was anyone or anything, or if the life I remember is just, and has always been, a figment of my imagination. I feel so isolated, save for the occasional eyes that suggest there are other presences around me. My eyes play tricks on me and I see shapes in the darkness that change form and then disappear when I try to focus on them. I both fear and take comfort in these presences.    When I look away from my laptop screen, I see nothing. The air is both empty and heavy. As though darkness was not enough, I dont hear anything anymore either. There is, in every possible meaning of the word, nothing. I scream at the top of my lungs and scratch away at my skin just to feel something. To reassure myself that I am still there, that I still exist. That I am not the darkness. Ive started forgetting things about myself, and only the sounds I can make and the physical feelings I can inflict on myself exist.    I will try to submit this but I dont know if the post will go through. If it does, I dont know who would read it. I dont know if this is real.    There is nothing left but empty silence.    Empty silence.
Thank you for the suggestion! I'll check it out!
Looking for an organization to donate to   Anyone know of any good organizations in need (schools for the blind, homeless shelters, etc.) that I can either donate money to or, preferably, buy something and donate to? Recently came into a little money and I had some ideas (such as buying supplies for a school for the blind) but I'm not from Bangalore so I thought I might get some good ideas on here! I want to give to an organization that is trustworthy and that will put the money to the best use.
I used to comment on my own diary posts as a second, stricter personality and then reply as my original personality..
This is beautiful and made me so happy!!
No problem! Glad you enjoyed :)
One of those textured songs that makes you hear the words that aren't there
Galimatias - Leaving for Good [Chillstep]
Can confirm. Am dog.
I actually look up all the time! Photographing clouds is something I love to do; I just haven't happened to see clouds like this in Dallas before.
this is so fucking funny.  this just made my night [7]
Got this shot of downtown Dallas from Reunion Tower from about 54 stories high! [5s]
added links in my edit!!
Auditions for competitive South Asian a cappella team!   Hello! If you are a male and you like to sing, you should think about auditioning for Dallas' only competitive South Asian a cappella team this coming Wednesday, Jan. 21st! For more information, check out the [fb event here](https://www.facebook.com/events/919252438098475/?notif_t=plan_user_joined)  Edit: You can find our recently released single [here](https://soundcloud.com/dhunkimusic/royals-dil-se-re) and check out some our live performances [here](https://www.youtube.com/user/DhunkiMusic) - and just as a note, the live performances on our YouTube channel, except for the 2 most recent ones, are extremely outdated and we have almost an entirely new team and have made a LOT of progress since then!!
My boyfriend would love to play!! He says he hasn't played Searfarers before but would love to. When are you available?
ITAP of my boyfriend's magic trick at the Dallas Arboretum
Wake and bake and take pictures of it
Just the regular camera on the iPhone 5s! Wish I could help you but this was purely an accident on my part :(
Loving this forest light
The Web [8]   The burning coughs of a young girl paralyzed with curiosity, aching to try something against her parent's wishes; the slow, dreamlike laughs emanating from the teen boy who finds humor and life in everything around him; the hushed, anxious steps and surreptitious puffs of a middle-aged man with children who must cloak his hobbies from a disapproving wife; an aging woman, kidnapped from the outside world by her pain, forced to live out her years in bedrest, who turns to the only medicine that truly relieves the pain. Four people, on opposite ends of the world, living completely isolated from the other. But, the world lies beneath a regal web of networks. These four people are not connected by the job web, the family web, the friend web, or the community web - they aren't even connected by the race or culture web. In some sort of joke played on us by the universe, they are connected by a leaf.
ITAP of my windchimes during the sunset
Graffiti Park in Austin [4s]
Hidden gem in Dallas neighborhood [4s]
If animals somehow get separated from their families or friends, they have no way of finding them ever again apart from blindly searching.   No phones, no internet.. poor lost animals :(
Zilker Park Christmas Tree in Austin, TX [4s]
Missing Christmas
What is the weirdest or most awkward interaction you've had with another driver while on the road?
Sunset in Austin, TX [4s]
Sunset at Haleakala Summit in Maui, HI
I read this in the voice of Lucille Bluth.
Grey Langur baby breastfeeding in Bandipur, Karnataka, India [4000x2667] [OC]
Nilgiri Mountains, Tamil Nadu, India [4672 x 3084] [OC]