Queen Luigi, huh? Interesting choice Mario...
During peak hours, if you are in the reverse lane, you can make a left from that lane when not prohibited.  If you going against the traffic with the reverse lane, DO NOT enter the reverse lane unless you want to create a head on collision. You make the left from your left lane. You'll cross three lanes of traffic.
Such sadness. Poor kitty.
How does he refrain from petting it? :(
How today feels
0sec is true Red Guard, preserving the life of the button. Just when it was about to end the non-presser stepped forward and said "Not today..."
Relationships... I compare every woman to her and they don't compare. I'm miserable without her. She left me for another guy, and she's happy, so that's all that really matters.
Sinner
A message to the all the grey people
http://www.dkoldies.com/ps2-systems/  give this a shot! i have bought stuff from them before and very satisified.
God damn that sucks
Worst ride ever
[Directions](http://www.trusper.com/tips/MELTED-RAINBOW-CAKE-/15000717)
And I thought i was doing [good :(](http://i.imgur.com/6tu8fZz.png)
Inmates help Detention Officer after being attacked
Ask Bernie Madoff
I hated working for Chase
No.. it is not..   MAT 90 is because the student didn't do well on the assessment test. College level math starts at 101. Students interested in teaching, and any degree really, are required to take math classes to a certain point to satisfy their general requirements.   When they go to their program of study, in this case education, they will take other classes that focus on how to teach it among other things.  Here is an education major at a university in my city. This is the math requirements for a degree in their program:  MAT-150	Mathematics for Elementary Teachers I	This is the first in a two-course sequence designed for prospective elementary school teachers. Concepts include set theory, functions, numeration systems, number theory and properties of the natural numbers, integers, rational numbers, ratios, proportions, decimals, and percents, with an emphasis on problem solving and critical thinking. Prerequisites: Grade of C or better in MAT 134 or 3 years of high school algebra with a grade of C or better.	4 MAT-151	Mathematics for Elementary Teachers II	This is the second in a two-course sequence designed for prospective elementary school teachers. Concepts of elementary probability, data analysis, descriptive statistics, geometry of shapes in two and three dimensions, congruence and similarity, measurement, and geometric transformations, with an emphasis on problem solving and critical thinking. Prerequisite: MAT 150.	4 MAT-250	College Algebra and Trigonometry	This course is a unified study of fundamental concepts from algebra and trigonometry that provide the necessary background for the study of calculus. Topics include modeling linear equations and inequalities; functions and their graphs; polynomial, rational, exponential, logarithmic, and trigonometric functions; systems of equations and inequalities; matrices and determinants; and conic sections. There is an emphasis on developing both a fundamental understanding of these concepts as well as their application to real-world problem solving. Prerequisites: Grade of C or better in MAT 134 or 3 years of high school algebra with a grade of C or better.
Maybe you should change your name?
I had this crush on a girl in high school for years. After we graduated she said to me, "I really like you and wished you would have asked me out."  I told her at that time my feelings for her and about the crush and she said, "oh I was just kidding around I didn't really mean that" and she walked away laughing.
"My mouth tastes like burning" - Ralph
Kate Upton
YOU KNOW *[HERMANO](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyuQTyq5RGY)*?
POWER DRIVE!
Expect someone to knock on your door soon! O.O
Is this payback for waking him up??
Go Blue!
[Did anyone else think of this](http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/19967983.jpg)  or am I the only one
lol  Red Wings  Blackhawks Tigers  Sox/Cubbies and lets also look at the NFL last year - Lions  Bears (but we both know the Lions haven't been relevant since Sanders)  You can have basketball and continue losing to the 8 seed in the playoffs.
Not my fault you guys can't win when it matters most :)
Go Tigers!
Cuddle Buddies