Tony Abbot
I'm lucky enough to have never really had much to fear.  But the other day I stupidly took a small car on a dirt road after rain,  it was SO slippery, I got bogged twice,  I was no where near any houses and had no phone signal. My heart rate got up to 115. It was pretty scary,  doesn't compare to these other stories though.
That's hard, a lot of people are instantly turned off certain issues because of bad advocates. Like feminism being ruined by feminazis and now so many people just don't take it seriously anymore and its probably impossible to change their minds.   I think that just going about it gently and patiently. Do what you can and be proud of that.  Its good to be passionate and want to make a difference.
Thank you! ! That looks great. I wasn't sure if anyone would be able to do anything with it.
I envy kids for this.  They can dance  through the supermarket singing at the top of their lungs and no one thinks they're crazy
Some snakes and spiders aren't venomous. Bilbys, numbats, quolls.. all the small mammals.  Female platypus...  I haven't been killed by anything yet
Eyre peninsula, Australia
I don't buy them for kids,  but as a non-religious 26 year old, i will be pretty darn disappointed if my mum doesn't give me any eggs tomorrow.   Because, dammit,  I like chocolate.
Hermione made purple and gold streamers erupt from the end of herPenis anddrape themselves artistically over the trees and bushes. 'Nice,' said Ron,
Its really not true,  Australia has dangerous animals but so does the rest of the world,  I've lived here my whole life, in a rural town, and have seen very very few dangerous animals.  But I spent a week in Alaska once and saw numerous moose and some bears, I feared for my life there on a few occasions.
I've lived 26 years in this time zone and its never caused me any inconvenience.   But if it we do change it forward or back half an hour I would be fine with that.    What are peoples reasons for wanting change?
Almost everything.    My life doesn't suck,  its just so dull, I could have done do much better.
My sister got an f once in grade 5 for being too creative. I still remember the last line of the story... "and Barbara learned to love horses, she ate them every day at 1pm which was when the mental hospital served lunch."
I'll wait until your future AMA, so I don't feel like a weirdo PMing you a long list of questions. :D
wife beaters/ singlets, both my male housemates are wearing them currently and it's just gross, I don't wanna see your sweaty armpits. put a damn shirt on.
I prefer the idea of men and women suffering together. And think of all the new jobs created to make and sell 'sanitary mankins' and 'manpons' (not sure how they will work). It will be great for the economy.
That sucks, I'm sorry that happened to you.
thank you, I hope so.
That's a lunar eclipse.
I think thats what it said, I've been searching for the source, but not having any luck.
Every guy I've been with had lost their virginity, but it honestly wouldn't bother me either way, its not even something I would think about.
Not offended at all,  and maybe you're right, who knows what advancements can be made in this area.   But in my mum's case, her pelvis is too narrow, even though I was only 7 pounds at birth, I wasn't going to fit. I'm not sure how many non barbaric methods could help in those kinds of situations.
olives. One snuck is way into my mouth once,  never ever again.
I pulled my nephew to hard by his arm when he was running away from me.   The look he gave me broke my heart and made me feel like a horrible monster.   Damn kids and their innocent puppy dog eyes.
On a day like today- Keane
In South Australia hand raised kangaroos can not be released into the wild and males must be desexed. I dont know the laws in the other states.  They are loving animals, and make great companions but not great pets, they have poor immune systems and can die suddenly without presenting any signs of illness, so it can be difficult to treat them for illnesses, they cause a lot of heartbreak, my friends who care for kangaroos probably lose two to everyone one that lives, it doesnt get easier, it's awful every time. They also bite (HARD) a lot, and kick and can't be toilet trained or anything, and need a lot of space.
Today I have been thinking a lot about how my life sucks...  But something like this puts it into perspective. To live in fear of and be murdered by your own family... I can't imagine the horror.
- Discuss your disgusting sex life with people who really don't want to hear it  - Chew with your mouth open  - Have loud arguments in public places and make everyone else awkward  - Drive like you're the only car on the road  - Give yourself a nickname  - same pose in your million selfies  - take up a whole couch when other people need somewhere to sit  - make fun of things other people care about in conversation with those people  - scream abuse at strangers for either no reason, or if it's you who's in the wrong but you wont admit it.
Contact her best friend/ close family member, hopefully she already has herself, but just be sure she isn't alone.   Hopefully what she said was just out of grief and shock and not a serious threat of suicide.   I obviously don't know the whole story, but from her point of view (I am guessing) you've taken away a whole future she was anticipating and now she has to start all over...   Sorry you've had to go through a tough break-up, I hope you can both move on as easily as possible.
When I was in school (year 9 maybe) I got in some trouble after a teacher found stuff I'd written about modern medicine and how it's counter-productive to the continuation of a healthy human species.   But, if I had a serious life-threatening condition I would not hesitate to seek medical help, even if it's natures way of saying "you're weak, we don't need you"  I was an angry teenager, my views have relaxed a lot since then
Use realeastate.com.au or domain.com.au to look up rental places, lots of share houses listed regularly or units, you can search by map too which is helpful
So this is a little old,  but thought I'd add... try a darker hair colour, brown would be safest by dark red could work too, grow your hair a little longer and try a wavy style, go to a stylist to get this done and get your eyebrows waxed and tinted.   Braces probably too, if it's possible,  it did so much for my appearance.   Good luck