:)
{:'-D
Thanks :)
Doot Doot
The lunch-lady called...   ...she wants to go out to lunch with you bro.
Alright, but with restricted permissions :)  I just gotta find a way to chose who goes on top of who...
CONFIRMED
Academic delusions   When I was 17, I was felled by severe abdominal cramps and was sent to the hosp Fake Nike Air Jordan 6.  They decided that it was probably a Fake Nike Air Jordan 6 dermoid Air Jordan 3 Retrocyst and prescribed antibiotics. Throughout that summer they kept upping the ladder into my outlet. I was 18 when the lights went out. Now and I felt my **** slide right into a wet and wanton pus[air max]sy, therefore, a package shipped on Friday via One Day delivery should arrive on Monday, the next business day; a Two Day package.
Yeah...
/r/moderatorium
[Just please take a quick look at this... especially Index 5... this website holds deep knowledge, not just mess.](http://www.973-eht-namuh-973.com/coloured%20site/start/evokation/indices.htm)
LOL!
20150531428   aHR0cCUzQSUy  RiUyRnRzMi5tb  S5iaW5nLm5ld  CUyRnRoJTNGa  WQlM0RKTi5LZ  DFxOVdOY0YxY  WFTJTI1MmJ3S  lNMalVhUSUyNm  FtcCUzQnBpZCU  zRDE1LjElMjZhb  XAlM0JIJTNEMTI  4JTI2YW1wJTNC  VyUzRDE2MA==
Oh... that's strange... well, at least ye trRried!
Playing with the pizza in space, eh?
20150520639   th?id=JN.Mgp  B%2bemuzN  ONQJalfQW2  DA amp;pi  d=15.1 am  p;H=102 a  mp;W=160
Mr.Skeltal
It's because of your cute smile and with your eyes, it makes you look so innocent! When most people see you, it's similar to the feeling one gets when they look at cute things like [this](http://www.godity.com/content/img/4/469.jpg). I personally love innocent-looking girls! Just saying...lol  p.s. I love those bushy bangs :)
Don't you just hate when a girl suddenly stops talking to you and acts as if she doesn't know you?   This girl I knew last year... I started talking to her and we became friends. Every time she saw me in the school hallways, she said hi and smiled. We also did this peace-thingy with the 2 fingers. But one day near the end of the year, I waved at her to say "hi" and she just looked away. The year ended.... and this year started. I saw her two times in the hallway and she just looked away as if she doesn't know me. What the hell? I mean, I didn't have a crush on her but why pretend she doesn't know me even after long time no see?
The way us greys are overwhelmingly pressured into pressing the button...   ... It reminds me of when a boy and a girl were forced to kiss in the middle school playground... *do it do it do it do it do it kiss kiss kiss* ... ugh
/u/trollabot trollabot
[Another dead-end room](http://www.ianferencephoto.com/kingstonlounge/worcesterstatehospital/15.jpg)
Well, it certainly wasn't a bad thing. I guess my posts just weren't funny enough, or a mod hated me.... I really don't care though, I mean, there are many more funny subreddits out there like /r/jokes and /r/humor which give good karma :)
Ohhh SQAGOLOGOLOGOLOGOLOGO!!!   BURRRREEEEAAAAAUUUGGGHHHH!!! {:'-D
If no one's getting mad, are you really being bad? Think about it.
I finally spoke to the girl I like and I'm proud! :)   Well, it was just one question, but next time it'll be more ;-)
The awkward kid in class came up to me one day and muttered, "I never believed those theories about evolution in cows being so advanced lately...   ...that they are starting to resemble humans. I never suspected a thing, until I noticed our barn female cow hitting on me."
The Praxis of My Method   The Praxis of My Method, underscored by all necessary humilities and good graces.  Let's jump right into it and grab as many electron rings as we slide down the pipeline of letters, doers, willers, thinkers, feelers, wishers, commanders and demanders...  The state of mastership is to be at all times consciously and positively in receptive and gracious attitude. Open to all good and positive powers to flow through you is a paramount condition, and to direct them in the proper channles of good thoughts, words and deeds the further fruitage of the tree of eternity (the fully restored cosmic ego).  All around us, at all times, are the titanic forces of the entire universe, unique in our present positions, which seek forever to enter into and transmute you and themselves according to laws which can be discovered and harnessed for the good purposes of uplifting the estate of life and sustaining the vitality of being. These transmissions from the infinity expanse of complex diverse forms and minds encounter no resistance when in proper channels from the Master/Mistress of their own Destiny. To find the hidden music of the moment is to establish the master rhythm with the body and from the body back to the world. It relinquishes the dependency on the fetal impressions of the mother and the world at time of conception, pregnancy and delivery (the first causes of all subsequent causal reactions and responses) as well as memory dependence on negative and adverse surroundings, coincidences and influences. This establishment of the master rhythm was accomplished in a variety of elementary procedures in the ancient schools, be they Hebrew baptism, the Babylonian-Dravidian heat tests, the Egyptian endurance tests, or even the somewhat less known tradition of live burial for purposes of feeling the earth itself in full exposure to the earth itself, vaguely popular amongst certain lesser known mystery cults.  Only those who can read this and already understand the value of it without having to do it will be sufficiently advanced to proceed with deeper lessons. Atavistic remonstrance is worth it's weight in immediate experience. Don't re-invent the wheel itself.  In the Great Work of Mastery, the main and the only object is to attain communion with the harmonious creative power of the world and consciously joining the forces for solving the destinies of the Evolution towards Immortal Oneness.  The first steps along this infinite journey involve a mastery of thoughts and through the thoughts a mastering of the body; the dynamic so established releases hidden potentials through the energetic activation of previously energy-starved processes.  Many definitions of mastery exist: to overpower, to subdue, to rule, to possess dominion, superiority and victory of beings conscious of it.  Consider further that man is generally in a state of slavery of one sort or another. Everywhere you look you see people in one state of involuntary bondage after another, and all of them creating more chains to bind those who are not bound like themselves.  This slavery is produced by ignorance on any of the planes of manifestation (the short list being physical, emotional, intellectual and psychic) and any combination there of. Ignorance is imbalance at best, and many other horrible things at worst.  Competition amongst the slaves of the world for the supposed benefits of further bondage has resulted in an almost penal atmosphere, wherein every breath brings anxiety and fear, and thus agitates and depletes the reserves of energy for the body and the mind to function as a healthy union of the forces.  This condition, of pandemic psychosocial slavery is one that must be overpowered, must be subdued, has to have a ruling decision made over it, and be possessed by the dominion of a new system, superior and victorious for Man and the Forces alike, to bring about the revitalizing and vast expansion of expressions of each, to sustain the world and even turn deserts into paradise.  And towards a paradise on Earth one has lent the ears that heard that the words mystic, occult and magick get thrown around pretty commonly today, and so I wanted to recapitulate how I am wont to believe them to mean.  Mysticism is born from careful observation of impressions through supersensitive channels, both biological, psychological and technological. It can be a state of mind alone, but it is also the observation of that state of mind in the midst of being it.  Occultism thus becomes the correct interpretation of that which can't be seen at the same time what is seen is also interpreted as the effects, causes, or side-effects of the invisible properties and objects of the world. It is engaged through a soulful conscious discrimination between assembling data.  Magick must follow suite and make manifest the practical application of mysticism and occultism; the powers of creation, destruction and transmutation in action at the behest of a will possessed of self-solidarity and worldliness to make things happen or not happen according the truth the magician holds at heart.  Yes, so in measure the mother of invention herself embraces those moments when her offspring manifest the 3 overmentalities. In a word or thrice spoken lesser worlds, finding no other solution to the problem of YOU, decided to feed yourself back to yourself and make you even more YOU, which solved two problems with one philosophy's stone. You couldn't escape yourself, and the world learned all about you while containing you completely in a binding of self-other-self-grammar.  The attempts of the limp world to contain you only fail because it is now seen as a foreign taste which now has to get you to like it too, and you only will if the world becomes you itself, which it will make small concessions too, and progressively, if conditions are correct your central sphere of influence will now have a probability-spreading shell of orbiting factors that serve you because they became you, and being you can't speak to you in anything other than your own voice, so they are themselves mute, and you face the second entrapment.  The breakdown of those orbiting elements in their exposure to an external world that is now less familiar with your ultimate self, is slowly becoming familiar with your extant orbiting self-satellites, and since the world still has to trap you and them it binds them in the same procedure it used to bind you in the beginning. Take heart, the world CANNOT learn, it can only grow and repeat.  Thus you reach the third extension, and the snapping of the leash, that of the world's reflexes becoming your own, and now you can interact with the world through decaying aspects of your own history and new aspects of your present and future, safely for the first time, because now the world can only see itself in you.  Fortunately you think now of an "orange" and the taste of it, and the funny architecture of it, and remember all the arrangements of situations that presented the orange to you, and foresee all the memories of the orange as it is. New tones enter your life and your satellites learn new forms of communication and the amount of acquired information about your universe expands exponentially, taking you to a new level, wherein you become self sustaining in a way that the world no longer can effect.  Thus you have attained a harmonized consciousness. Eternal satisfactions are not yet too far ahead.
EHT NAMUH, David Denison, Oil Paint, 1977
Gggg! Gggg!! GGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!
2nd Ying-Yang   Here is yet another spinning ying-yang found in the website. This one however, is very hidden. It is found by going to Index 5, then clicking on **The Act of Creation 2**, which leads you to the page below with the ying-yang.  http://973-eht-namuh-973.com/Magick/actofcreation2.htm  This ying-yang is bigger than the 1st one. However, the mystery is that it's purpose is unknown. When you click it, it just zooms in, disappears, then reappears again. This page in general is mysterious.... all there is is 3 objects, but it is unknown what is the purpose of this page. Any ideas as to what it's purpose may be? Feel free to share.
Swagologologo   This is one good-looking dude, don't you think?