There's a particle accelerator in the Louvre.
For the first time, astronomers have detected visible light directly from an exoplanet. The effort is a proof of concept for a new way to detect exoplanets.
Review finds that intake of vitamin and mineral supplements are generally associated with an increased risk of cancer and heart disease.
Contrary to popular belief that regular pornography use can give men erectile dysfunction in partner situations, a new study finds no link between the two.
That's not God you just spoke to; it was a dream. "All humans are endowed with brains innately primed to daily generate god concepts in dreaming."
The Most Radioactive Places on Earth
Analysis of comet water from the Rosetta mission contradicts the theory that water on Earth had a cometary origin. Instead it's now more likely that Earth got its water from asteroids.
As many as half of the stars in the universe may be outside galaxies, according to a new study. These previously unknown stars were likely ejected from their home galaxies during galaxy collisions.
Why Do People Drink Shampoo? Our brains may be getting fooled. Viewing non-food products with packaging that imitates food products elicits the same brain patterns associated with viewing or tasting appetizing foods.
That collection is... beautiful.
Physicists create water tractor beam
10 Reasons Why You Can't Live Without a Particle Accelerator
NASA funds feasibility studies for 12 futuristic proposals, including a submarine to explore the methane lakes of Titan.
A review of archaeological records shows that Neanderthals were just as advanced as humans, making it increasingly likely that they were assimilated into our species through interbreeding, not driven to extinction.
Scientists have shown they can rapidly produce large quantities of graphene using a bath of inorganic salts and an electric current. It's a step towards mass production of the wonder material.
By tracking brain activity when an animal stops to look around its environment, neuroscientists at Johns Hopkins University believe they can mark the birth of a memory.
Seemed to me like the author did a decent job of summing up the research and then applying a critical, skeptical mindset to the results, which any decent science journalist should do.  Any scientific research is limited in scope in some fashion, but the point of comparing a one-off study like this to prior research is to give perspective. Sure, maybe the prior research had some limitations, but a whole lot of it also seemed to have reached the opposite conclusion as the current study, which is very important to know!
A team of researchers has identified multiple genes linked to musical aptitude, providing further evidence that musical ability is heritable.
Fantastic!
A new study links believing in hell, and perhaps even thinking about it, with lower levels of happiness and satisfaction in life.
New data confirms that Earths crust first formed at least 4.4 billion years ago, strengthening the theory of a cool early Earth, where temperatures were low enough for liquid water.
Fish swallows bird in flight
New findings hint at diamond deposits in Antarctica
For all those people eating paleo diets thinking to themselves that calories in vs. calories out doesn't matter, this study reported that obese people UNDERESTIMATED their intake by about 800 calories a day. So the largest individuals in society are actually eating a lot more. Thus -- if true -- the results of this study seem to further reinforce the USDA's general stance on obesity, that we just need to eat less and exercise more.  Study is here, btw: http://www.plosone.org/article/info%3Adoi%2F10.1371%2Fjournal.pone.0076632
Surprised to see that my hometown TV station made it on r/science. The last time they made worldwide news was for their drunk anchor. http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2071669/Annie-Stensrud-Was-bumbling-news-anchor-drunk-air-Female-presenter-slurs-words-bizarre-broadcast.html
What's he doing at a World Wrestling Entertainment event?
Technically correct. Though with male animals, vets almost always remove the testicles: simple, cheap, effective.  The downside is that your male cat won't be cooling its balls on the base of toilets.
Mini-brains with separate working regions have been grown using stem cells in the lab for the first time.
NIF's biggest problem is being able to sustain and control the fusion reaction. Judging by the article it doesn't seem that fusion ignition occurred, where the reaction actually becomes self-sustaining. In other words, I'm guessing that they didn't reach the break even point, if they did, that would be the headline.
This study was released almost two months ago and already appeared on /r/science. I love how Scientific American simply slapped on a misleading headline and republished it.
This article gives a pretty good explanation of the study:  http://www.realclearscience.com/blog/2013/06/low-doses-of-psilocybin-help-extinguish-conditioned-fear.html
TL;DR of the study:  http://www.realclearscience.com/journal_club/2013/07/06/violent_video_games_dont_make_you_mean_106583.html