Cyka Blyat
The Matchmaking cooldown time should reset after 7 day cooldown and not after one month.
cyka gamburger merikon
Smoking off A site is nearly useless, as if you smoked off heaven you'd still get destroyed from above squeeky, mini or hut. The outside is ridiculous. It needs MAJOR tweaks and changes.  Also, the map looks like direct CSS port. I'd love to see some new coat on Nuke as long as visibility and performance is better.
it is very functional, it has Advanced Chiken and Fish AI. i have also added next-gen skybox for the best experience. angles shouldnt be a problem, pros told me that having ct spawn directly in front of t spawn would help the gameplay and balance, early gunfights would be interesting and engaging
Will be fixed
^
Yeah, except I'll use my own layout and implement theme and design choices that fit CS:GO. It's going to be up on workshop, if you won't like it you won' need to play it. I'm sure some casual servers will find use of it.
[Already working on something interesting ;)](http://cloud-4.steamusercontent.com/ugc/34116492237229707/0E1FB9BEEB732708D35DD6175C9FA7678ABCC72F/)
[Pfft, I've done it better](https://gfycat.com/DelayedArtisticGuppy)
3 second ace
Get a fucking microphone  Q: "Hey guys let's rush B!"  A: "Shut up cyka blyat!!!!"  get a fucking working microphone  Q: "Hello, you guys wanna go B? (Proper quality microphone)  A: *Everyone goes A, xXDavidXx goes alone middle and gets wounded to death. BOT Yogi is already approaching middle as well with a bomb in his hands.*  Did I mention getting a microphone?  Q: Yes?  A: Yes.  Don't argue with your teammates, they are human just like you  Q: "David, why did you go B? We told you to go A with us! Cmon man, teamwork is the key!"  A: "STFU!!! ZATKNISYJ!"  If you are the lurker, don't take the bomb.  *Bomb is at spawn, duuh.*  Drop the bomb behind if you are rushing in alone.  *Drops the bomb, dies* "WTF WHERES THE BOMB, OMG?!!!!"  Shut up if someone's trying to clutch  Say something - SHUT UP!!!  Don't say anything - WTF, WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME WHERE HE IS? WHY NO INFO????
It's done on Valve's MM, I'm quite surprised I hit those jumps. Thank you! :)  And yeah, I used to bhop on Source a lot after I saw Phoon's videos, It was almost like a kid trying to impersonate Superman :D
Looks like it's glitch week... The Hogwarts glitch on Mirage, now this. I might as well as go glitch hunt too! :D
Here, we can see a specimen of species called "idiots". He, to survive in this wild nature environment, had to resort to cheating tools... Not for long, as the glorious GabeN came from the sky to rain terror upon him. He ran, mercilessly, trying to save his inventory.. But then.. It was gone. In a blink of a second he disappeared into oblivion. He was only heard once, but only his salty tears could be heard. Justice was served, and the world was ever and happy again.
De_Train revamp comparison
See, the problem is that it's the community who's going to bring itself down, not the pro teams.  Think of the effect of seeing something on the news feed regarding "A pro team disbands due to the pressure from the community"  Now THAT is what would do the most harm.
OP got demolished
Wat
Sorry to break your dreams guys, but it looks like all the Source engine games got updated 2 hours ago. (Including CS:GO, that we are talking about.) It MIGHT be just a regular maintenance update.  Just saying; don't frown if that happens to be it.
It's because they are not creative at all. You know, having a sip is good, but having too much is just absolutely disgusting. Asiimov is unique in it's own way, because it's one of the first "flashy" skins released. I don't have any problem with fire serpent, corticera or any of that kind either - They are simplistic but they have a unique art of their own. It just looks like cyrex..  I don't see what's unique about all of those. I can't see what sets them apart besides different color and the way stripes are placed. Look, even guardian has a CT logo on it.
Stop SoloQ'ing. That helped me.   A lot of people will reply usual stuff like "learn nades, practice aim ETC", and it's true on some part, but you're stuck on a thing called ELO hell. I was stuck on it a while ago, i had to win 15 matches in a row to rank straight back up.
It does, unfortunately for bump maps to look good you have to have a cubemap in each corresponding area, thus having a HUGE performance drop. This technique should be only used sparingly, such as for tiles. (Ever thought why tunnels is the only place having reflectivity in Dust2?)  There's some hope, though, if you add $detail to a wall texture coming close up to it it will look a lot more detailed, so for let's say wood we'd do $detail wood. Anyways, if you use Pakrat and look up the textures you can modify them, so I'm gonna do that and possibly make a "texture" mod for Tuscan.  Lastly, If you open console and write "fogui" you'll get a menu to edit fog, try without it. Looks a lot better. Damn it Brute, If you are a mapper you should also consider learning to make textures!
Ez Tron skins Ez life
De_Oasis Progress Screenshots
volvo pls.
Ok.
Players play with low graphics mainly due to visibility. Previously, if you had graphics on high you had a smudge on AWP scope. They patched it recently. Remember, it's about gameplay.
Where should i find a server like this?!
Did i said i stole anything? More over, did i post the map anywhere? The screenshot doesn't tell anything about the layout. It might be completely different with a different name, it's just the map style, which you can't really blame me for. :P  Go ahead and tell that to people who actually ripped Source version and put it up on the workshop. Don't scream at people who admire your work and wan't to achieve something similar to learn.   If you wan't to sort this out, i would suggest using PM. And yes, i do make other maps as my hobby. P.S - This is also one of my hobby projects, nothing too special. I might use it to play it on LAN with my teammates.  P.S.S - I'm mapping since 1.5, Brute pls. Peace.
I did contact. I just want Valve to notice that this is happening not only to me, but a lot of people.
Let me explain it a bit, i didn't articulate what i meant properly :D  What i mean is; Some people get lucky with getting a knife from a case, maybe even a few (Which is what i doubt). If you sell a knife on Steam Market, you can pretty much buy as much CSGO gift codes for alternate accounts as you wan't. Ignoring that, you can still buy CS:GO for VERY cheap when it's on sale.  @BrokenStool You don't know what i meant. I didn't even say anything about trading...