Firefly
Consider the footage we've seen. Hundreds of Npc's in the most far reaching worlds. I'd be doing barrel rolls all day.
Awesome,  I had planned to watch this yesterday but couldn't find it.
I don't know. When buying lenses online I wouldn't be able to distinguish good lenses from bad ones. I don't know what to look for.   Also are there any lenses that are good in action shots but bad in still shots or vise versa?    What is a short throw(as opposed to?)?
1) craigslist/free  for the bed.   2) look up abandoned buildings in your area, find one that's cement and where you can control the lighting.  Edit: Spelling
Welcome!
Stoked.
You should sit yourself down and think for a hard long while.    This is the only life you're gonna get. No retries, no do overs. What do you want to dive into and commit to for the rest of your life. When you're older and no longer able to work because senility is creeping in you're going to need to KNOW you didn't waste your shot. Don't expect someone to suggest something and you do it because it sounds like fun. It needs to burn inside your chest, fill you with exhilaration just the thought of heading towards that goal. Passion is painful, but it's such a beautiful pain because you know it's what you were meant to do. Why you are here.
Monkey see. Monkey do.
That doesn't despite the fact that I never said "to win".
:o
That was nice, I bet it would've looked funny to the neighborhood when you were filming.     "Kids these days."
Just saw it. The plot could have been a little tighter, the "dad" person James would go into didn't lead anywhere, whereas the "homeless" and "business" persons were not only congruent but also simultaneous. That and the punching sound effect at the beginning.was a bit jarring and took me out for a second.    Aside from that I was entertained throughout, and I was eager to see how it would end. Fortunately, you guys didn't make the common mistake other filmmakers make where the concept is drawn out and makes you lose interest. In this case, you took a good amount of time to set up your characters and tell your story. Kudos.
For those doing what they want to do, when did you know?   do you remember a particular moment or you just eased into what you're doing now? was it what you wanted to do before?
Thank you, I really didn't know. Have an upvote.
1) All I ever read about are festivals, where can I look up markets in my area? Which of the two are better for networking?   2) I've never made a film before, how should I go about funding my first flick?   3) What's a one sheet?   4) For each level of funding, what type of film qualifies? For example, a tiny 20 minute film about jogging. Would that qualify for pre sales?  5) I know I'll sound like a 1800's era gentleman but on the funding side, who do I see about these things?
Depends on the disaster.  You will need to have area to farm but also a shelter to brave the elements.  Enough space for a group of people to live with in case you get sick and for companionship.
Boats. In the stripped down traditional sense.
The movie has silly moments but down in the basement I was left as breathless as Morgan. The entirety of the film is a portrayal of how a man who loses his faith approaches an impossible situation. I well up every time I watch the movie at several scenes.The last supper when his kids finally see how terrified Graham is and they embrace him.
He would fit neatly into the House of Cards universe. Would love if he joined the cast.
Four years ago, I was stationed 550 miles SE of Bagram Air Base. We'd been doing consistent daytime flyovers of the tribal regions to the east, getting intel back to logistics.    One day me and crew were flying the C130 on a recon and everything is peachy till we get about half way through return from the AO and we start getting peppered with small arms fire which is strange considering how high up we were. Turns out logistics screwed up and sent us over heavily populated Al Qaeda mountains. So there I am manning my console, trying to do my job and not get shot. RPGs are missing the plane by just a few feet.     After about five minutes, we make it clear of the enemy fire and I'm able to take a breath. I look at my console and it has a 7.62 right through the middle of it. It's broken. I cal my CO over to take a look at it and he tells me that 7.62 rounds can make 30k feet. No, he said. That there is tree fiddy rounds. And I said tree fiddy? We ain't got no Loch Ness monster in al Qaeda firing no tree fiddy rounds.
[Oh.](http://imgur.com/oA3ZPB9)
:'(
No, he needs to witness a murder. Then starts fighting crime, using his trusty garbage truck to compact and dispose the bodies of countless henchmen. And it turns out, the real enemy is the CEO of a recycling plant! This show writes itself.
Since Edge of Tomorrow isn't working like they wanted it to. I would love to see Tom cruise in an independent film like Killer Joe.
Yeah, I'm going to bring you something, alright. I decided to make you a special project of mine. You ain't going have to come looking for me at all.
[Fight Club](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aaYzAkS_gRc t=4m27s)
The lion king   The road    (I have daddy issues)    Mystic River     Leaving Las Vegas     Up      Dallas Buyers Club    Brokeback Mountain     I saw the devil      I am legend      Saving Private Ryan      Gravity      Boys in the hood      The sixth sense       Citizen Kane     Children of Men     I can think of at least one scene in these that have made me cry. I know you said no love movies but I could not stop crying in Time travelers wife.
"Hello, Stu. If you hang up, I will kill you."   "What my name's not Stu, I'm kevin."   "Oh um, oh ok I see there's Stu. Could you hang up and leave please?"   "Ok. ***hangs up*** [Sigh of relief]
What actor do you hate surpassed your expectations in a film?   I'll give you my own. Not a movie but: Matthew McConaughey in true detective is such a departure from what he's been known for.
Yes, though.
More specifically his chemistry in a comedy group dynamic as the leader of a bunch of **** ups. If you haven't, watch a good old fashioned orgy.