Made real wood fired pizza in an outdoor wood oven for the first time today
):-(|
Sheriff Lobo
Shit man, me too. She was so hot..I was 16 at the time and could have easily lost my v plates then, didn't end up losing it until I was 18 after she broke up with me with some other girl...7 years later we bumped into each other again though, got drunk and fucked like rabbits for a 2 days. Jackpot my friend. Friggin jackpot
Name?
I don't know..I'm English and I stink of shit constantly
Look at beeeewwwbs!!
Out partying at gay pride in Brighton with my friends. The main party happens in a big park. I ran into a small bush to have a pee, only to run straight into the middle of a gay orgy. Literally 8-12 naked men going at it at 2.30 pm on a Saturday.
'Murica!
Black pudding is needed!!
Well if it isn't the funnest police
Crack. That shit is morish.
Any tips on creating textured sounds? Your pretty fucking great at making really thick sounding textures man.
All it takes it a weighty flick to the centre of one of said nuts for this to never happen again..
Still a fucking v8. In the uk my first car was a 4 cylinder 1.3 litre Renault..
Still though.....*zip*
Back door sluts 9
Uk here. There's an urban legend of a mutant moon faced lizard man that's steals from everything in sight, what makes it worse is he only targets poor people. He has a habit of dwelling in London only revealing himself when no one wants him there, the stupid cunt sometimes goes by the name David Cameron
She gave Wu some tang
Some how he gets away with it. I'd totally pay to see that ha
I can clearly see this is where the dicks hang out
Anonymous video message to Kanye West.
Bacon. That is all
That dude is the last person you would want to be stuck with on a night out.
one would like to ask permission to put the other fist in m'lady.   Hmmmm, I'll allow it.
It's a new type of weed called extreme sticky nuclear waste nightmare skunk, it's well nice
NorTHUG LYF
My friend just received this birthday card from his 86 year old grandma. HE just turned 24
Vaginas.....they've all got one
Fuck yeah, that is so hot.
It's right outside my house!!! I live by hove lawns
When were you when Heat Legend died?