I think more than 800 the author is overstretching the story
That's a nice coincidence. You know, I've never read Stephen King. If I would choose to start, which one would you recommend?
If Pokmon were real, which one would you like to eat first in a delicious meal?
I agree, music usually distracts me. If I enjoy it I find myself focusing on it. And if I don't, why would I  bother listening something I don't like
Your longest book   I've just finished my longest book. It's Caballo de Troya from J. J. Bentez. It was 1167 pages long.   What's your favorite long book? Did you had trouble finishing it?
I tried TLOTR The Return of the King.  I couldn't finish it, Sam and Frodo bored me to death
I'm really looking forward for it.
Going to Russia, what should I know?
That day was my father's birthday, being from Costa Rica, he didn't care at all of the NFL playoffs. So, he wanted to go to the movies, we saw The Hobbit.  Watched the first half of the game before the movie and thought "ok, I think it's better if I stop watching". Couldn't believe the score when I came out of the room
Love it. Next you have to do an eye tracker graph
Human shit capacity   I am constantly surprised by the amount of feces my body can hold. Does anybody knows what's the colon volume capacity?
We should get Reggie back and focus on a RB, Murray would be a great option, IDK if Frank Gore is a good option
During a spacewalk at the ISS
I came here because of the 2 pics looks like one submission
Must watch videos of chainsaws and trucks to feel like a man again
San Francisco
the struggle is real
My dog Chuwy! (short for Chewbacca)
Got to love what they have accomplished with this Channel, I love the new Astronomy and Government courses.
Rocky
well, if you're not hurting anyone, including yourself, I believe there is nothing wrong.
The problem is that sometimes laziness gets in the way of you pursuing other things that makes you happy.
Swimming in the Olympics for my country, Costa Rica
IAmA an olympic swimmer, AMA