This is definitely the approach you should take.
Kimchi Fries I picked up after work today
Think its since it kind of just sits in it's own juices really. I am definitely with you on grill over pan.
Looks fantastic, I'm sad you didn't grill them though.
I actually was impatient and didn't want to leave it out for a long time so I put it in the oven like 15 minutes after i finished coating them with all the pepperoni etc
thanks! i was worried after seeing the guy who burnt his :P
Tried my hand at those garlic knots
Soartex Fanver
Brother said toking brings out his creative side [8]
probably a picture of myself
Walter Shoback's classic the 'Chinamen'
Marijuana would be legalized globally.
Lucy, the movie had so much potential but they pretty much completely squandered the entire thing. It was such a cool idea :(
Sarah Kerrigan
is this a joke
It would just smudge the nail piece instead.
Using the thing to scroll on the computer while cooking is kind of useless since she stops fixing the salad to do it. Might as well just use the trackpad on the computer at that point...
I only brush my teeth once a day :(
There seems to be a lot of Hispanic people saying it isn't part of the culture to think someone dying is funny, and it isn't. It also isn't sad though, at least not in Mexican culture. Death is a happy thing, and celebrated on holidays like `Day of the Dead` so maybe it isn't taken to hard in their family. People saying they are assholes seem to be pretty quick to judge, and are telling you what you want to hear.
Trigger IFTTT Recipes   It currently is very difficult to make a recipe that is complex and robust. Sometimes, it is even harder to link recipes with events that you want to happen because it is a three step process where the middle step is disjoint from the final step.   I wanted to have a recipe that every day at 12:30 PM grabbed the top post from a subreddit and posted it to the GroupMe. Now, I may be wrong - but I did look around and can't really think of a way to do this. However, if there was a way to make IFTTT recipes a trigger, it would really open up the possibilities for this. It would allow for hugely extensible recipes that could do huge amounts of work for you or even just provide some really cool functionality. Just a thought.  If someone knows how to do what I'm asking I would love to know since right now I'm pretty lost.
Perhaps you could do a cascading sort of notification system where if it is raining in a certain area it triggers an event, and that event will always trigger an iOS notification that has the zip code it will be raining in. Not sure if it will work but just a thought.
Could you perhaps try       String.format("%02d:%02d:%02d", hour, minutes, seconds);
http://i.groupme.com/400x300.jpeg.d8af482b085f4adfa98a846fa1d0e385
my first thought   http://img3.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130331234508/aladdin/images/e/e1/Genie.jpg
You should look into Systems Level programming. Personally I find it incredibly interesting and fun.   http://csapp.cs.cmu.edu/  This is a pretty legit textbook to get you started, it also has like 7 labs in it to help you learn assembly, things like buffer overflow attacks, how to write your own malloc implementation and more. It is in C, not java - but still a great fucking book.
As I was going to St. Ives,   I met a man with seven wives,   Each wife had seven sacks,   Each sack had seven cats,   Each cat had seven kits:   Kits, cats, sacks, and wives,   How many were there going to St. Ives?
The proxy forwards all the headers shown above to the client.
I don't think that is actually true... If he just works with them all on the stack. Isn't that true? Then he can just access them all as element.value rather than element-value
So, I'm not sure what is going on here but consider this.      output_greaterequal-first-next = pointer;     temp =output_greaterequal-first-next;     temp-next=NULL;  So imagine this is not the first element being put in your list. It is over the threshold, and there is already something in the list. You set the next element of the list to be the pointer so you could have had this to begin with:  First-A-B-C-NULL   or something like that. This means first-next is A. But now, you set first-next to pointer (P). So, now your list looks like this.  First-P  and then temp is also set to P, and then it looks like this.  Temp = P-NULL  and now the value is NULL so we break out but your list was messed up in the process it seems?
[C] Proxy Server Sending Replacement Characters   So basically, I'm writing a proxy server in C. It only needs to handle GET requests atm. I can take a GET request like very simple  GET www.amazon.com HTTP/1.0   and then generate a request header like follows:       GET / HTTP/1.0     Host: www.amazon.com     User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; Linux x86_64; rv:10.0.3) Gecko/20120305 Firefox/10.0.3     Accept: text/html,application/xhtml+xml,application/xml;q=0.9,*/*;q=0.8     Accept-Encoding: gzip, deflate     Connection: close     Proxy-Connection: close  The proxy then forwards the request to the server in that form and reads the response. I get all the response headers back just fine, but when it comes to reading actual content and forwarding it to the client from the proxy I just get a bunch of replacement characters.      ^3h)UKfD*yh2' Rb8"u                         =qggEyYj1'sp[MI  I don't really know why this is happening or how to fix it.   If you need to see how I read from the response file (forward to client) I can post, but I don't think the way it is done has anything to do with why these characters are coming up.
The solution was actually really stupid actually. I was thinking along the same thing. I figured maybe the charging port had shifted or loosened and couldn't get enough current to charge. Turns out when it fell the charger was actually destroyed like at the end and my spare wasn't working either. Just needed a new charger. Damn I felt stupid.
I just searched around for them and only found one that looked like it - sadly without color :( If anyone knows I would love the one like the one on the car