Belgian Waffles in Belgium
Doot doot
This  Edit: WOW THIS BLEW UP  Edit: RIP MY INBOX
I keep my cum box in my closet, not in the living room's closet
Ayy lpao
Me to thanks
Very
is he ded yet
PsBattle: Scared Sheep screaming for its life!
Goodnight sweet prinse
WHY ARE WE NOT FUNDING THIS
Based on average usage
GB ftfy
PsBattle: Finger lickin' good? NO! Armpit lickin' good!
/r/nocontext
PsBattle: The Human Swastika!
tits
Well, from now on I will never have sex again.         Who am I kidding?
TIFU by being too curious   So there is a show (albeit a stupid one) that I don't remember the name of. Now, I was young at the time, so I was scared of pretty much anything. Anyway, I was browsing through the TV show list, and I saw that show on the list (called "haunted" or something). I knew it would be scary (yes, I could read at the time) so I asked my mom if I could watch this. Now, she was in the shower at the time, at the other side of the house, so she thought I said "Hunting", so she told me I could watch it. (Hunting is also inappropriate for kids, but OK mom.) I watched it, and it was something stupid about fairies, but I got spooked. The next day, I went to s-c-h-o-o-l. SUCH A FUN EXPERIENCE! I was afraid to go to the bathroom, cuz everyone knows those darn fairies will get you if you're alone in a bathroom, so I peed in a bush when no one was looking. That bathroom thing went away after a couple of days, but I was still scared of the dark for a long time. TL;DR: I got spooked by scary fairies, had to piss in bushes.
GOT TO POOP
/r/memorablelifemoments is one me and a buddy recently created. There aren't many posts, but if it expands it will be great!
1 like = anywhere from 4 to 6 shots
Hey! Me and a friend just made an awesome subreddit! Go check it out!
Can I have a belly rub...
THEY MISSED TAYLOR ap yeah there it is
Nice and sexy, man
Swans. So majestic.
Pho restaurants are great!
Invite? Is it sandstone black?
Here's one for 299 starting bid, and its new: http://pages.ebay.com/link/?nav=item.view id=141600217704 alt=web  If you bid for $300 for it, no one will outbid you. Personally though, I would get the sandstone black (64gb) version. I mean, 4 times the storage and only $50 more! In comparison, that change costs $200 in an iPhone.
Buy a used, but in new condition one from ebay.
Sticky rice wrapped in a banana leaf w/ pork.