SEA MONKEYS.  THOSE FUCKING LIARS.
yeah, it's completely different stressed on your feet and shoes:)    I haven't found running shoes to be very good for anything *but* running.  Mine at least really excel at forward motion, but the second I ask them to do anything else it becomes obvious they weren't made for that.   they also aren't going to handle abrasions, spills, lateral movements, standing etc very well.   but still, panel separation in a few weeks sounds abnormal either way ... you should probably take them back to Lukes, be polite and chill of course but inquire what they think the usual  lifespan is.  If you liked the fit of those shoes tell them ... but also tell them that you do need shoes to work in as well.
Holy shit my PSG ... I can't even begin... tell ya, different Army for sure.
the trick to heat control is small changes over time.  nothing drastic... don't "oversteer" it.   you may eventually benefit from modding your smoker ... sealing a gap hear or there, adding metal plates etc ... I experimented with all that, and ended up removing the heat ballasts and just learned to have a lighter hand on it.  But then I also don't mind if I go up or down 25 degrees.  Yes, it's inefficient, but if the que is good the que is good... this is art, not science... it's the results not the methods that count.
I Can't.    "Please excuse the words that I just blurted out.  They were not me, it was my strange confusing doubt.  It keeps rattling my cage and there's nothing in the world to bring it down.  For even though I might, even though I try I can't".
Wow, it's funny when you listen to it playing the game, it's just great background music.  Listening to Battle At Witch Creek by itself, as a song, no game running though ... it takes on a whole new dimension and depth.   Truly a great song; you could play it for anyone and tell them it was a famous classical piece and they'd never know.
thank you for that tip.  Looks like the perfect place for a good cheap lunch .... lots of awesome deserts though, that could be a tough temptation to pass !!   The prices don't look too bad to me considering as you said the novelty of it, plus if they have some nice old cars there or a band there I mean really, that's just a classic summer moment you know.   I do definitely need to find some good, cheap clams though.   I LOVE your clams and just plow right through them.  Literally, my whole life I've been eating what I thought were fried clams, I had no idea what fried clams were till I first got to NH/ME. You're all very fortunate.
thank you! Yeah, they're pretty cheap, I was just hoping to avoid the added round trip and time spent in the store renting and returning it, and give that same money to a local Redditor instead.   I could probably get it all into my Subie if I broke it all down, but I'm just tired (long time homeowner, long time DIYer, sometimse it's fun, sometimes you just get really, really tired of it all).
Thanks ! Long Pond - that was it !   Thurston's is definitely on the list, I agree nothing better than eating on the docks.  That museum is definitely on the list too, that's exactly the sort of "off the beaten path" stuff we really enjoy. Thank you very much !!   And sorry, I've been referring to the area as Southwest Harbor the whole time ... now I realize that that's just one harbor, one village on that whole peninsula... it's really the whole area I hope to explore.
that's a good point.  back in the day software would routinely eat itself ... but these days if ran steady state with no change ... I wonder  what the actual availability numbers would be like.
This is a really interesting question and I'd really like to see serious responses from people who are currently in Ops/ DR roles.  I reckon parts of it would start falling off within the hour. On the bright side, you'll make front page.    Explained: IT systems can actually be remarkably fragile and need continuous care and feeding like plants or animals.  Hardware eventually fails, software crashes, logs fill up disks, a patch or other upgrade requires rebooting ... it's all a good bit more reliable now than in the past and the administration is now more highly automated but the need for human engineers is still there. Look at how often Reddit has issues for example.  Alot of this maintenance occurs at night when usage  is lower; there could be automatically scheduled reboots, automatic patching, or other activities that incur a high risk of the system not serving up.  With noone left to catch the problem systems, than I suspect that as the day goes longer in each time zone more systems would drop off, until eventually the majority of the net is dark.   I think it would happen slowly at first and then build, and would have a cumulative effect ... for instance if a core router or a root name server went down there would be a huge number of affected  systems.  Eventually the network outside your house would fail, and you'd be stuck on a standalone computer hating life, until something on your computer croaked.   I'm guessing the last thing you would see on the last computer in the world would  be one of those damn Rogue AV's or a Coupon browser plugin :(
I can't tell either, but just the words "raw meat was a few days old ...then saw this" was creepy enough for me.
Thanks- I'll have to make a side trip someday and check them out.
I would use a storage bag like [this one] (http://www.rei.com/product/733948/msr-dromedary-bag-10-liter#tab-specs) and strap it to the outside top of my pack, under the hood, like a rope.  That will keep it along your back and up nice and high, and by cinching the hood on it you'll be able to minimize sloshing and slinging.   Beware that each gallon of water weighs 8 pounds.   I've carried 4 gallons before plus a combat load - that much water will absolutely wear on you... so as others have suggested unless you're going into an arid region I would seek beta on resupply and filtering instead of humping all that water in.
/r/investing
What this dude said.  You likely don't have have tax problems ... while you're making great money for a kid it's not huge in the overall scheme of things and not like you need to worry about AMT or shelters, income from other sources and other complex scenarios.     Working at home you may qualify for home office deductions perhaps ... go ask about that in a tax sub.    But the most important thing is to figure out what you should look like financially; debt free, emergency savings, large retirement contributions, savings towards goals, etc.   Make sure you're saving correctly.  Don't be the dude who make great money and puts it all into a BMW.   And stay single.
Awesome ones I made the other night:  Giant package of ground breef, probably 3, 4 pounds 1 half onion, finely chopped some dried parsley a smidgen of dried organo -have to be careful not to use too much a smidgen of garlic power roughly a cup of bread crumbs 2 eggs a whole splattering of A1 sauce.  Been putting A1 in my burgers for years, it's the bestestess.   grill, top with a good cheese (like a sharp cheddar, a bleu, gouda.  NEVER sliced american) and serve on lightly toasted kaiser roll.
LoL, nice post.  Actually I'm pretty knowleadgeable about firearms, having owned several and spending my 20's in the Infantry.  I just don't see the need for them on the trails around here (Midatlantic area... I see more wildlife in my own yard than on the trails... literally.  sad but true).
oh yeah ...
I'm in Maryland, and I've found all sorts of shady/lazy/whatever crap on Realtor.com on listings around here.  I don't mean the hyperbole - that's just a reality in sales - but I mean completely junk information.  I remember writing their customer service about it once years ago and they said there wasn't much they could do.  However, IIRC they recently implemented the ability to provide listing-specific feedback.
Ah gotcha, you're driving around for months, during which time you'd like to take a few week long or maybe even 2 week long trips.   Depending on where you are, you could be perfectly fine just leaving the car very obviously empty and at the trailhead parking.  Or you could visit the local visitor center / Ranger station for the area, and ask if you can long-term park there, particularly if you're living out of your car for the many month's long trip (and thus can't leave  it empty).
I don't have hardware, but I do have scolios and thoratic kyphosis, and deadlifting has helped my back tremendously.  I am a new lifter, and only dl 35 pounds a side plus the 45 pound bar.  I recently transitioned to "normal" dl's but was doing straight-leg ones which hit my legs and lower back harder.  I may go back to them, because they felt like they helped me stand up straighter than the normal ones do.  Good luck !
Saved a man's life.  Bleeding out from a severed brachial artery, kept him alive until EMS arrived and helped get the MAST and IV rolling.  No clue who he was, but he definitely would have died on that sidewalk in Silver Spring amidst a gawking crowd if I hadn't been there.  So ... Army Combat Medic training ... it works.
Leader Of West Baltimore Gang Arrested After Raids
I did a couple days recently  Brought plenty of mountain houses, and big ole boiler like you're describing.  Used it exactly twice.  Realized the only hot thing I care about when humping is hot coffee in the morning, and I can take my time with that.   When I started off I thought I'd be cooking all these phat meals, having 3, hell maybe 4 meals a day, living it up.  Turns out when I'm humping all day my body really doesn't want to eat, and I ended up eating more no-heat protein (jerky, tuna) than anything else.  Still have to have my morning coffee but I can do that with a really lightweight, small alcohol stove instead.
Baltimore's recent increase in homicides a direct result of the city not supporting the police.[/r/Baltimore]
For more pointed advice, tell us:  * What the "colder" region is.  * Time of year going out. * What purposes - a bag that's perfectly suitable for camping may be inapproriate for walk in camping or backpacking * Your size.  Yep, different manufacturers make different sizes. * Your budget
Oh, there is.  LoL.
Crackers on sale, buy them by the bloc.
even after I learned it was brine shrimp, I thought it was pretty amazing that there's an aquatic animal you can ship around as powder, and would have settled for that.    But that didn't even come through.  I do remember those "Olympic" ads too though, with the "Mr O".  Man, we really let people just scam the hell out of kids back then.  I'm surprised there weren't Joe Camel ads in comics.
Man. I'm seeing this way too late, and I'm not a huge board game guy myself, but I think this is pretty awesome to do, Second Chance seems like absolutely the perfect place and crowd for it, and it's definitely kicking things the old school Columbia way.  tl;dr:props.
I am suddenly a bumbling fool who shouldn't be allowed to use power saws. How to deal ?   tl;dr: I have forgotten how to carpentry and a small task is turning into a comical ordeal. What do you do when a simple project kicks your butt ?    Finishing up a major bath overhaul, and it's time for casing and molding. Did a great job painting, thinking "man, in 2 more days I'll be bathing in this bad boy".  That was a week ago. How little did I know.  The drywall didn't come close to flush anywhere along the jamb.  Sure, I've dealt with that before; just ripped some extensions, putty and finish well and it looks great.  So I rip some extensions. Except on one upright the edge waves back and forth between proud and recessed.  That's a new twist, I start trying to deal with it.  Grab the casing in the garage, case out the door.  Rosettes instead of mitres, looking good, grab the base molding, cut to length, fits great. Except wots this ? the base molding is thicker than the casing ? How did I NOT notice that before installing it ? Seriously ?  Go buy new molding with the wife.  Goes well; we agree on the pieces,, she pulls I cut (by the foot at the shop), get home, perfect lengths, goes with room, great.  Start measuring and cutting, my brain goes numb and I cut my first mitre backwards.  Ok, I have two other sticks.  hmmm, this one's pine, this one's mdf.  And this one is uncorrectably warped; in our hurry neither one of us did a good job picking the sticks. And now it's cut and useless.  For real. I bought millwork from a box store without checking it.  It's like I've never done this before.   go back later, get new molding, carefully culling this time. Get back, study the job some more, there's really no easy way to work the jamb extensions... it's a toughie.  Decide to mash the drywall down a bit instead.  Forget to score it.  So there's a fresh crack running up the wall now. Yup, put down the tools and walk away.  Sir, step away from the nailer.   I am honestly not an incapable person. I've done some great carpentry work around the house, but for this one project- which really should be like an hour max-  I feel like I've stepped into some sort of Twilight Zone and have suddenly forgotten everything I ever knew and am now a bumbling idiot with all thumbs who have never seen a compound mitre saw. You'd laugh watching me fumble with this.   Have any of you ever had to deal with this sort of situation where you're doing a pretty run of the mill project, and for some reason it just kicks your butt ? How do you deal  with it ?  Do I need to just walk away from it for a day, clear my head ?  Or is it time to admit defeat and call someone ?   Edit: Hey thanks everyone.  Glad to know I'm not the only one who's been in this boat.   SO - I just finished casing the door, and it looks good.  Even the mitre's - my first - came out pretty darn good.   I needed to get away from it a bit, and take my time more.  ALSO, brutalzing the drywall turned out to be the right thing to do.  Between pounding it with a block, and shaving off a high spot I actually got a much better fit without jamb extensions than I did with it.  Using lots of clamps to hold all the pieces in place helped me tweaking the mitre,  and definitely using straight lumber was a huge help; one area in particularly where I swore the jamb was swelling was actually just crowning in the stick.  So  a combination better sticks, trying a new technique, and just getting my head out of it for a while really helped.    My day is much better now, thanks.  Now I'm done with the door casing and ready to ~~fuckup~~ start the window casing.  Thanks all, happy Friday !