Follow (acrylic on canvas, 16x20)
Alcoholism
I'm just yanking your chain. This is definitely the best advice you can give a young person. But in my case I've been all over the world already and after 30 years of school I'll be looking forward to some good old fashioned materialism.
I use c.t.o.mf  "Check this out, motherfuckers"
I started black and white because paint is expensive and I couldn't be bothered to mix colors :p but it fits the subject matter of my paintings pretty well so I stuck with it. A style itself is kind of just a function of how your mind naturally works. Happens on its own. Glad you like them!  Edit: also check out Simon Stlenhag's work
Hey you. Glad to see you finally posted this! Told you theyd like it ;)
It was [based off a painting I did](http://i.imgur.com/s627PN7.jpg). I didn't know about the wendigo at the time but people kept asking me if that's what it was so I looked it up and god damn that is some cool folklore.
I meant for a simple design like this. I'm sure it takes a while to learn multiple colors and finer details. Thanks for the tips!
Yep I flooded this one. I'm looking into all that for the future. I just applied the emulsion with the squeegee but I don't like how it dripped
Dammit
check out my website for more!  http://www.train_subject6359.com
That's hilarious and all but don't go making jokes like that in the real world you sick fuck.
I dunno man i think she hit her peak on the cover of "let go"
I've been to reefs in 5 different countries and spent a week in a compound in Belize surveying one. And if I wasn't going into medicine I might have done marine biology. As for captive raising, eels are sedentary and the only reason they will even leave their burrow is to hunt so if the eel is placed in a tank with sufficient burrowing space and fed properly then it is irrelevant whether the burrow is in a tank or in the ocean or on the moon because it will not leave. I'm going to quit arguing here though because I know you're just going to keep nitpicking.
I can't tell if you're trolling but he was captive bred and moved to a 500 gallon tank when he got too big. Keeping a saltwater aquarium isn't like keeping a hamster. It costs easily thousands and is an enormous time commitment and the people who are dedicated enough to get into it have actually contributed hugely to our understanding and awareness of coral reefs so maybe next time do your research before spouting bullshit about "horrible industry" and accusing people of not knowing what they are doing when you're the one who clearly has no idea what you're talking about.
It looks like one of those cheap airbrushings you get at like sea world. So cool on an actual animal though
I'm glad to hear that. I personally groaned at my own joke ;)
Tutu
I tried and couldn't do it. They added all this annoying shit in HotS that makes it way too hard if you're as terrible as I am at micro :p
[Probably this](http://imgur.com/DXRdukO)
I consider myself a connoisseur of quisine so maybe I can help you out. The first is shrimp eggs. The second is some kind of blackened fish? The third is ummm... a brown... loaf. Yes, a brown loaf with green stuff on it. And the fourth is a bunch of vegetables in like a broth or something.
(    )
I'm drunk and a manchild so my opinion is probably irrelevant but I liked  this a lot.
was he doing curls on the calf machine and going TSATT. HUNNNHHHH with every rep because if so I think you nailed it.
I saw some old Porsches on my way home.   An amazingly well taken care of [356](http://i.imgur.com/Jsd9O94.jpg) and a [911 turboS](http://i.imgur.com/ZQd40xq.jpg) from the 70s with some awesome rims that you can't see (and an awesome exhaust that you can't hear) because of my sub par camerman...ism. It was a good day though.
even me?
Google the word "vernacular"
I'm not saying what he did was ok but you literally cannot mention his name now without an army of self righteous fucks suddenly pretending that they are above being upset about this. he was the carpet in the Big Lebowski. he held the show together which is why he did all the celebrity interviews. we are all sad that top gear as we know it is gone and it's oh so reassuring to me that people are so quick to demonize someone that they loved for so long. I'm done arguing about this.
Fever Moon
all my work from the past year
Atlas (acrylic on canvas)
Don't Look Back