Prefect meal for later
Computer porn.
So a lesbian trapped in a man's body.
Let the dumber people get the grades they deserve. You're only doing a disservice to yourself, and society as a whole, when you help dumb people misrepresent their qualifications.
I'd like to offer an alternative train of thought.   I drink beers with the highest alcohol content I can find. Gulden Drak, St. Bernardis ABT. 12, Delerium Tremens, La Fin Du Monde, are a few of my favorites.  They are all close to 9-10% abv. I would rather drink less beer with higher alcohol content than drink low carb beer, but end up drinking more. Added benefit, the beers are much better tasting and because I'm drinking less fluid overall, I feel less bloated.
ALE HOUSE
It's ok. No need to get upset about it. In fact, it's useless to give diet advice to others. I avoid giving advice unless it's solicited of me.  I always post pictures of bacon, steaks, korean bbq, and other "fattening" foods on instagram. When people ask how I stay slim, I tell them it's because I eat bacon all day, everyday.   They laugh because they think I'm joking.
Ouchi indeed
All for Silas!
I just checked. He's telling the truth.
Its actually relatively easy to do it yourself. Go into any Auto zone and they sell a oil change "deal" that includes all the things you need including an air filter for a reasonable price. All you really need is a screwdriver and to get your hands a little dirty, but an oil change is super easy.   Air filter?  Screw driver?    Last time I checked,  you don't need an air filter for an oil change.  Maybe you meant oil filter?
Yeah, what gives?
I give a shit about spelling because it reflects on a person's character. Someone who can't be bothered to use the correct pronoun contraction not only shows their lack of education, but it shows they lack the attention to detail required to function at a high level.  Sometimes a mistake is a mistake, but why let a simple spelling or grammar error undermine your whole argument?
I'm more upset that no one seems to know how to use this meme. This is "malicious advice mallard" aka a duck that gives bad advice. It's NOT an angry duck.   Make the distinction people!  /rant
Somebody's been watching too much food network.
Actually you can.  I'm at work so I'm not going to search for it but maybe someone will chime in.
I used to try and butcher people's names as much as possible because I knew it would give them something to instagram about,  so that they can feel that the people following them online really give a shit about anything they have to post about.
Too soon...
Sorry, I should have, expanded on that. (I don't think I've been on Reddit that long)
Or fearing that her parents might pick up the line while you're having a phone sex session.    3 way ftw!
There's 3 kinds of mothers that I don't mess with.  Mother nature, mothers in law, and mother fucking Samoans.
If I was a girl, I would not be bragging about sleeping with an idiot like will I am.
Hold my sister, I'm going in!
I know it probably sucks right now but you have to look at this in perspective with your whole life. You sound like a young guy so you should have many years ahead of you. This event in your life is rather small compared to your whole life.   Learn from this and grow from this. They're not worth your trouble being bitter over this. Think about what you gained: the knowledge that life does go on after a "serious" relationship. You got rid of 2 shitty people in your life.   Chin up man.  You'll be okay.
Hmm, I know exactly what you mean by being cliquey. You just have to put in time and get to know them without actively trying to get a gig with them. Build the relationship first before trying to ask for a gig. It's also difficult if they don't like the genre you play. You might as well go another route if that's the case.   About the cd thing. I find it more effective than telling people to visit your SoundCloud  (or whatever). Because let's face it, how many times have you met a dj that you liked and then remembered to visit there page the next day? Now imagine a dj you don't know asking you to visit their page. You'd probably politely say yes, but never comply. If you hand them a cd with your info on it, they might actually listen to it.
Infected?  Do you not wash your dick? You do know you're supposed to pull it all the way back to wash it right?
I meow like a cat.
Now that, is a real *tearjerk*   FTFY
There's 2 cops and a mob of people. What do you think is going to happen if they go to the ground in order to immobilize 1 person? And let's keep the name calling out of this, unless that's your petty way of trying to assert your dominance in this argument.
THIS
Oh yeah. Boob. Hmm, this ass feels nice. Boob! Lick the nipple. Must squeeze boobs. Ok, back to grabbing booty. I wonder if I can fit my entire hand around this booty. Nope. Man, I love underboob from this angle. Oh, shit! Almost forgot to lick the boobie. Pinch the nips. Oh, she likes that. I think I'll suggest tacos for dinner. Boob! Ok, back to grabbing booty. FUCKKKK  "Hey, I think we should get tacos. "
It had to be said lol