My perfect apple today
I agree with most of what you said until the end. I don't believe she is entitled or spoiled, or rather I don't think you have the ability to gather enough information from the text to make that assumption. What I do think is that she is a kid with maybe a little bit of a quick temper.
Burlingame!
ELI5: Why "flammable" and "inflammable" mean the same thing.
That's ok, simple misunderstanding.
PsBattle: Majestic SF Puppy
So when someone dies who other people cared about but you didn't, you try to belittle them and make them feel small because there are other problems in the world. If you think being an arrogant asshole to others by guilting them with your unjustified egotistic attitude makes you a better person, let me tell you it doesn't.
Because no one has said it yet in this thread, Wilfred is the greatest show on the goddamn planet.
This is actually so badass.
Get your dog some chew toys, man!
Username checks out
OP will deliver...
OP we're worried!
It explodes when it hits the fire. I mean come on, it explodes. Explodes...
Thanks, the river turned out great, I'm glad you like it. I'm getting some more fish soon and I think your right with the white rocks. They stand out too much that it takes away from looking at the fish. All I need now is some more fish!
Oh god, your comment made me cry
He was obviously born in 11 AD stupid, how old do you think he is?!
Thanks Obama
Say I do
Well...did it look nice?
I'm some asshole on the Internet, welcome to Reddit.
The no look grab, a classic
Spot on, so descriptive, 10/10
Hodor!
Shhhhshhshhshhshhhhhhhhhh
Shots fired
But if she breaks eye contact, you know she wants the D
Females
I was 12 at the time. We were driving north up the country (about a 10 hour drive). I had just discovered masturbation at the time and I was still in the obsessive "honeymoon" stage. I sat on my phone flipping through the bikini photos of 2011 sports illustrated swimsuit edition. As I sat hunched over under my blanket I made the most daring decision of my life, to wank it.
My dad pulled this one one me yesterday   Dad: "What does IDK stand for?"  Me: "I don't know."  Dad: "It's fine, I'll ask someone else."
[50/50] Smash Mouth or smashed mouth (NSFW)
What do gay horses eat?   The diet of a gay horse does not differ from that of a straight horse. That being said it is uncommon for two male or two female horse to be sexually attracted to each other, as it goes against their genetic drive to reproduce. The usual farm diet of a horse can be split into two parts: structural (fiber) and non structural (sugars and starches). Naturally the horse needs complete access to a fresh water source and an open plain.   The following article should have sufficient information for those looking into the proper diet and nutrition for their horse: http://www.caes.uga.edu/publications/pubDetail.cfm?pk_ID=7824