oh the feels, THE FEELS!
My reaction was "alright now I don't have to watch just 6 Star Wars movies!!" But then it hit me, the sequel trilogy will divide the Star Wars fan base in the same way the prequel trilogy did. And if and when it does, I'll be ready
Comment about craig schwartz in 'being John malkovich'   He's played by John cusack, he's a puppeteer, but my first look at him gave me the impression that his passion was writing accordion based song parodies, amirite?
me myself and irene
well, no, BUT i would reccomend it just for the events sake, because youll recognize some of them. (especially, the effects of the events of CA: the winter soldier on agents of sheild)
good point,
Idea for an ant-man post credits scene   First the lead up: an alien crew and its captain visit earth for some reason and they talk to dr pym, and one of them asks "say doc, do you think you can get us a raccoon, we need a test subject for some experiments," dr pym says "ummm sure but why a raccoon?" Alien says "because, we want to" then he gets them said raccoon and the aliens leave  The actual scene: we go back to the aliens in their ship and there's a mini montage of hacking and slicing stitching etc... But then the raccoon awakes and the aliens look over it all amazed and shit, and we cut to the raccoon and its revealed to be rocket from GOTG, and then rocket reacts "oh why do I feel different, and why am I speaking?" Fade to black
I Mean whenever someone insults the reboots I just wish a painful death upon them. And I don't know why, it's like will thy be that way forever? I mean you may be saying "why are you wasting your breath saying some few people didn't like a movie?" Well before you respond to that, is it true that:  a) reboot haters are sociopaths  b)burn jj Abrams effigies kinda like the KKK   c) lynch reboot fans also like the kkk from a speeding car  d) there's a conspiracy to destroy anyone and anything involved with the reboots?  e) reboot haters are conspiring to hack paramount   Are any of these true? Why or why not
the boondock saints
the vision doesnt look too shabby
i dont want to live on this planet anymore
Perfectly fine
more like SNUFFED his toe
to that guy who took forever in that starbucks bathroom   and heard a loud banging sound on the door, THAT WAS ME!!, how much cheese have you consumed within the last 24 hours?, or are you just naturally selfish? you took forever in the bathroom, i went to that starbucks to get some breakfast, and i wanted to use bathroom and i try to open the door and its locked so i go sit down and eat my breakfast, so then like 10 minutes goes by i go try again its still locked, and i go back to my seat and play with my phone, 10 more minutes go by i try again its still locked!! so then 5 minutes later i flat out start banging on the door! so the i go back to my seat to blend in and i see you walking out and you looked mad, GOOD! and you still dont know who i am!! youre probably one of those people who wakes up early in the morning to watch Power Rangers: super turbo mega space dino mystic dino space turbo mega force or whatever the hell its called this season, and goes right back to bed afterwards and sleeps in till 5pm. the point is dont stall in the bathroom at starbucks! thank you
you suck mcbain!!!
x/post from r/angry whats the star trek fandom coming to?   jj abrams revives the franchise and there are people who complain about it not feeling like old star trek, NEWS FLASH THEY GOT 95% AND 87% ON ROTTEN TOMATOES!!!!! OBVIOUSLY PEOPLE THINK ITS GOOD LIKE ME!!! and i try to convince people and they see me like a 2-headed freak especially on the star trek subreddit, its like if they have the slightest criticism of jj abrams or anything or anyone else involved in the star trek reboots, i imediately wish they die of cancer someday, DO YOU PEOPLE THINK I LIKE WISHING PEOPLE TO DIE OF CANCER!?!?!?!?! DO CRITICS RAVE REVIEWS MEAN ANYTHING TO YOU !?!?! "but wait people have the right to opinions and stuff" yes but they need a good reason for those opinions! its like the world doesnt want me to like a movie. am i going in sane? are critics reviews relevant AT ALL? if you ask any film critic theyll have a thing called a 'college education' something that star trek reboot haters shouldve invested in. man i hate star trek reboot haters!! i wish theyd die and decent smart educated people like me can live in peace. its hard to enjoy a movie if theres haters in the world, i go through life hearing about critically acclaimed movies and agreeing that they deserve it, and for what? to get people like star trek reboot haters to lurk around and attack those who like them, i mean i thinki they should be considered dangerous. like the reboots and you should too!! now look at me! ive read enough comments sections and blogs to the point where i ask if its ok to like something like wtf! who else does that!? do trekkers even LIKE star trek anymore!?
but theyll take out the swearing and make it appeal to teens regardless, thanks to 'artistic liscence'
You may not be aware, but the authors are heavily involved in the scripting process.   Robert kirkman is invoked in the writing in the walking dead tv show, and that show is like 'Loose Adaptation: The Series!'
im nervous about the expanse tv show   theyll change a bunch of stuff to appeal to teenagers and preteens, theyll t6ake out the swearing and theyll leave stuff out of the books! i feel like the mary poppins broad when she heard the songs for the first time!, they will literally CHANGE the books! whoevers developing the show right now if youre reading this, put it on hbo that way itll have the swearing and shit. because chances are the book series will run longer than the show. if i ever as much as see ONE thing out of place from the books youll have one less viewer, and ill wait until they get turned into MOVIES!! it couldve been the next star wars or alien franchise but instead you make it into a tv show on a cheap cable network!? BOTTOM LINE: MAKE A FAITHFUL ADAPTATION DAMMIT!!! IF THIS ONE ISN'T, thank you for reading
Look at the 2009 watchmen movie, to me that is how you adapt something, not changing too much stuff or taking stuff out, it's made just how the graphic novel is, and look at the walking dead that was faithful to the comics from the first episode until the y went to the city and rode in a tank. THEY NEVER RODE IN A TANK IN ANY OF THE COMICS!!! And THATS what makes me worried, that and they'll throw in an obligatory love triangle (thanks TWILIGHT!!) and they'll probably change the ages too of the characters to appeal to teens and preteens.
i'm not talking about andy serkis (don't get me wrong i like his work but) im talking about DOUG JONES, so who do you think he should play?
see this is what i never understood, i have zero complaints about a movie, but its made hard to enjoy because people keep pointing out the flaws, like going out to get gourmet chocolate pudding with friends and enjoying it, and then you hear the people you were with at the time complain about it either looking like a doggie doodie, or not being flavored to their liking? it wears you down  EDIT: btw this isnt grammar class i can type stuff however i please
ok the answers to your questions is because YOU SUCK!!! there all done, well its been real see ya around, adios!
ive heard of cd burning, but this is ridiculous
*oil SPILL
ah poopie!
Alternative titles for 'closet coon' (take 2)   My alternative titles are 'live and let BI', 'the living GAYlights', 'closet of solace', 'the BI who loved me', 'goldenBI', 'you only come out twice', 'come out another day', 'COONraker', 'BIamonds are forever' or 'closet royale' what do you guys think? Also whoever gets what all these alternative titles have in common will get an upvote.
anime episode 15 "battle aboard the st anne" question   you know like the part where the team rocket soldiers in the black shirts reveal like those wind blowing devices on the ship? and then like they show some trainers whose pokeballs are flying off their belts and then they cut to the main three who are surrounded by said team rocket soldiers demanding them to hand over their pokemon and misty is like saying "no way!" in that same scene they have those same air blowing devices and somehow the main characters just get asked to give up their pokemon while all thes trainers pokemon are literally flying away!? this is a troubling question from an otherwise great story arc. and i mean GREAT story arc. i get like a doctor who vibe from this episode . hell i often compare the anime to doctor who anyway. anyway i just thought it was weird that these team rocket grunts who had this high tech pokemon theft equipment just ask them for pokemon. any thoughts on that?
I enjoyed the movie too. (Go away stevenjohns) I've been defending this movie for ages almost like a mental case. I just don't want injustice in the world
ENOUGH WITH THE FUCKING UNDERWEAR SCENE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm sure i'm not the only one who remembers this
not sure if freddy kreuger used to actually be scary or i was just 8 - Futurama Fry | Meme Generator