[:D](http://www.imgur.com/KpV1Ftb.jpeg)
I'm sorry
*Yea, they sound like great people doing great work. It's a shame OP left before it got any more awesome.*
[Somebody That I Used To Know](https://youtu.be/8UVNT4wvIGY), I know it really got played out, I just think is a great song
I watched that film a long time ago, I remember it ending with having what I thought was a decent understanding of it.    Now you are making me question it, and I don't remember it well enough to help you figure it out.  I'll have to watch again.  Maybe someone will come in here and help us.
Wow, love it.
Thank you!
It's a great feeling,  :)
She's just beautiful!
Thank you for taking the time to tell us your story! I'm getting induced tomorrow night and I'm so scared   I'm so happy for you, congratulations!
Yay!
Yes.
This is so tough, because no one can make her quit but herself.  :/  As hard as it might be, try to be the positive force around her, instead of being repulsed and obviously annoyed.  Just remind her how important  this life is.  I'm rooting for you!
I told everyone that early, lol.  I would only maybe stipulate to them not to tell the world.  It is nice having a close support system if anything didn't go as planned, but it is beyond soul-crushing to relive pain every time you'd have to explain any not-so-good news.  Do what you feel is best :)  But I understand completely that it is hard to contain this news!  Edit: Forgot.  I told everyone before the pee was even dry on the test, so I didn't have a grand or interesting announcement.  But I do wish that I did!  It seems like fun to make it really special.
I have seen the article.  What I got from it was that extensive use of ultrasound machine can slightly heat up body tissue and/or form air pockets.    I have had 4 ultrasounds this pregnancy, two were from my Dr, 2 were elective at the boutique - type places.  I'm not a medical professional, but my logic is that if high-risk women get them quite frequently to monitor baby's health, the Dr wouldn't do anything to add harm to baby.    I'm sure some people are excessive,  I wouldn't electively do one twice a week.  But my Dr says they are perfectly safe.
We are very close due date buddies.  Yes the past few days, it has been happening in the morning.  I was laying in bed the first day and all this acid coming up in my throat was making my mouth water.  Then 10 seconds later I had to run and puke it up,  that's the way it's been for a few days.  Not fun :(
Nice!
He's going to grow into the person you nurture him to be.  When I observe the people in my life and their families, it all has to do with how they are raised.  Stop comparing life with the standards in old sayings and on tv shows.  People used to live a lot differently,  and tv is fiction.  And I'm sorry but I find your post a little insensitive.  There are so many women out there who would die for the chance to have a baby, and you're disappointed by whether or not it will sit to use the toilet.
That's a heartwarming thing to know, Thank you.
He was pretty cool.  I wonder where he is now...  Edit:  Apparently not acting much, but [whoa](http://www.imgur.com/iYxbxJ8.jpeg)
:'(  I liked that movie a lot.
The Scorpion.
Because pleather is like.. butter.
I am female.  I *do* find myself staring at certain females sometimes, but I never reach the point of sexual attraction, ever.  I am very straight.  I find it hilarious when I stare too long.  But it feels like human nature to appreciate immaculate appearances. ::shrugs::
I really don't want to sound mean, but it looks like an 80's jerry curl.  Maybe you should try it shorter.
I love the short-lived yoga in the park scene.
I enjoy my life in Las Vegas.  When you get away from the strip, we have some beautiful desert landscaping, beautiful master-planned communities, wide open streets and friendly people.  If you *choose* to be on the strip, we have world-class restaurants and hotels;  and don't forget, debauchery of your choosing.  I don't understand all the hate, if I go to North Town off of Fremont, I could find drug addicts.  They are there, they are in lots of cities.  But it's your opinion to hate our region.  For every bad area of the city, there are good.
You can't really tell what's going on with the hair color in these pics.  Post pictures that better shows your hair color and we might be able to help more.  Edit:  If it's something you really desire, you should go for it.  There are some cons.  Short haircuts are a lot more maintenance and upkeep and the picture you chose is an intermediate style to achieve on your own.  It might look easy, but it is a little harder than it looks.  It's not impossible though, you should just be prepared.
Not a very good ultrasound :(   I'm 11w 6d.  We were so excited today my nurse was giving us a sneak peek, just for fun because my insurance only covers one US per pregnancy.  She looked for 2 seconds and said "it doesn't look 11 weeks, come back tomorrow for a size and dating ultrasound."  :(    I had one at 8w5d just for fun and it measured fine with a good heartbeat.  But now I'm feeling very sad.  It did look very small, but she didn't try to move around or find a heartbeat.  I'm trying to be realistic and not overly optimistic,  but we will see.   Edit:  Nightmare confirmed, will be scheduling a D C tomorrow, hope to see all you guys in the future sometime.  :(
Yay, so exciting!
It's well cooked and I don't see much of any grease.  If you don't l Ike it, that's fine, but your points are dumb.
Shorkie!  Like mine http://www.imgur.com/HTGdOQF.jpeg