Pizza Turkey Burger
Is the thought that whatever monster movie you're watching the characters have no concept of the types of monsters that exist in the movie they're in? I mean, it's juust tough for me to watch zombie movies and never once does someone scream, "Oh crap, it's a zombie."
Thank you for what you do. I appreciate men and women like you who take time to try and help keep these wonderful areas of our country safer.   I rode the Dragon long ago before it became the Killboy Calimari Race Team destination spot that it is today. My Dad moved to Soddy Daisy, TN back then, and so it made a nice side trip when I went to see him a few times.  You live in a beautiful area, and again, thank you for doing what you do. If you ever make it to the bay area, let me know, I'll buy you a coffee and show you our roads.
The Long Dark (My thoughts so far)   I know there's a big Long Dark forum since it's been around on Steam for a while now, but here's a quick post on my impressions so far, as well as a few tips that I've found out in my playtime.   Firstly, I'm totally digging this game. I downloaded it and the Elite Dangerous trials both at the same time, liked them both, bought the full versions, but haven't stopped playing this long enough to get any Elite time in, other than an hour or so. I'm usually not much of a survival-genre player, but I got a little hooked after only lasting 8 hours my first game and then figuring out ways to slowly get that number a little higher. I've played a dozen or so games now and on my current save game I've been alive for 12 and a half days. I've got two well stocked shelters (the Camp Office and the Trappers Cabin) and am beginning to explore the area. Overall, if you're into survival and crafting type games, you'll probably like this, and even if youre not, you should at least give the trial a shot, you may be surprised.   A few tips I've picked up, remember, almost like real-life, there's some priorities to your survival. Your number one priority should be shelter. Without shelter you'll freeze to death. No matter where you spawn you're never more than 30 minutes or so from a cabin, but if you haven't got the lay of the land yet (I recommend not looking at the abundance of maps available online, it sorta takes some fun out of it) any shelter will do. If it has an inside, but no stove for a fire than it's probably not great (I'm looking at you Logging Camp and you Lake Cabins). Stoves make starting fires easier, and are a requirement if you want to have a fire inside.  So, first and foremost, find a not-breezy spot to start a fire. Forage for a little wood (an hour or two long fire from a few pieces of softwood is fine for now) and get that fire going. Melt some snow and boil it for some safe drinking water. I think Im averaging a liter of water a day or so. Then food. Food is last, always. You can go a day and a half without eating a thing while exploring if youre not injured. In fact, if youre rationing, you can make a few candy bars and sodas last 3 or 4 days. If youre low on food, only eat when you run out of calories. And speaking of running, stop, unless you have a good food source. It burns calories and risks sprained ankles and falls. And falling will hurt and tear up your jeans, and well, without jeans, yeah, youre gonna die. Also, running around can easily attract a wolf that you might have been able to avoid, and if you get attacked by a wolf, yeah, youre gonna die. And lets not mention that bear that hangs out by the Lonely Pond, because a tussle with him, and yeah, you guessed it, youre gonna die. The only time running is a must is if you see a wolf chasing a deer and have something to scare the wolf off with (Flare, Gun, etc) Than run in their direction, the wolf will eventually catch the deer and then you can steal his kill and harvest without a tool, which is impossible to do with the frozen deer corpses you find.  I wont give away any of the stashs locations that Ive found, but I will say when you find Mystery Lake, take your time and fully explore it. Setting up a base at the Camp Office and getting into a forage for wood, get some food, explore, rest cycle will go really far for you. Dont venture too far until youve checked out all the little nooks and crannys around the lake, theres good stuff all over.   I will say one thing Im concerned about is how often this game will see updates. I can tell pretty quickly that now that I have a stable food supply and two well stocked places to crash with plenty of fire-starting abilities that I will eventually run out of stuff to find and explore. Im hoping by then that one of the other areas opens up, because if not, this game could get pretty boring pretty quickly.
Right, sorry, that's the point I was trying to make but not sure if it came across clear or not. Max has spent a lifetime in the Wasteland and it's likely (seeing as how deep down he's a kind soul that want's to help despite his built in need to survive) that there have been many people whom he wished he could have saved but couldn't. Maybe some were women he fell in love with, although I doubt that since I couldn't ever really see him getting over his wife. I mean, his nod to Furiosa at the end says it all. You're safe, I'm going back to the Wasteland to go back to surviving. But yes, overall I agree, I don't think the imagery of the child(ren) should be taken literally nor do they affect the canon of the original. Sprog was a boy, that didn't change, just getting others' opinion on it.
Thank god. I was just saying to my wife last night when some stupid Dad commercial came on Sprout (that stupid fucking baby rocker that you control with your iPhone) that I was getting pretty sick of this shit. I work just as hard as she does and deal with the same issues, why am I reduced to being the bumbling sidekick?
Haven't found a bike that didn't like it yet. Done it on sport-bikes, sport tourings, my BMW GS's, my dirt bikes. Never killed a transmission, so, I'm guessing it's safe.
Yep, very surprising commute on the motorcycle in from Novato this morning. Left the house as the sun was rising on a beautiful promising to be sunny day, went downhill since crossing the Richmond bridge. Can't wait to get home.
Summer girls, summer not.
Caught one of those giant Kansas grasshoppers in the throat once. Required pulling over for a minute to regain my composure and catch my breath.
Agreed, as I mentioned in another reply, I cut a lot of corners to get something working with my hardware set, my folder structure, etc... I really hadn't thought about other people liking it enough to want to use it. I guess if there's enough people that like the finished product, I could generalize some of it and put some settings in there (like font style, size, etc...) to make it more consumable by the MAME society.
1/2 cup of oats, 1/2 cup of vanilla lowfat greek yogurt, 1/2 cup of milk, splash of honey or agave or whatever sweetener you like, than whatever "toppings" you like. Shake it all up, leave it in the fridge. I also put a half a scoop of protein in it. This weeks toppings are chopped frozen cherries and blackberries. Last week it was banana, PB2, and chocolate chips. Next week I'm gonna try brown sugar, walnuts, and bananas.   I'm so glad I tried this a few weeks ago. This is the best breakfast I've ever had pre-made and it takes about ten minutes to put it together. I eat it cold, some put it in the microwave to warm it up, you can also throw toppings in right before you eat it, like some granola.
I actually used [LuSiDs](http://lusid.net/arcade/) plans initially, but made a few modifications. After standing in front of it for a bit and making 'pew pew' noises I'm thinking I might lay the screen back just a little more. I've got enough buddies who are interested in doing some 4-player stuff like Gauntlet and TMNT that I think it's gonna be a little too upright. I may go back another 10 degrees or so.
Yeah, you get an upvote for that. I mean, you could've went with Pentax K1000 or pinhole camera, but you decided to get real old-timey.
I'm getting a real Hexen vibe from this.
It's called [Tilt-Shift photography](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tilt%E2%80%93shift_photography). By creating an extremely sharp portion of the picture and blurring the rest you can trick the brain into thinking you're taking pictures of miniatures.
Yeah, good on you for knowing the limits of your job and putting your family's health and safety (by keeping your job, no matter what the cost) before your own gratification. I commend you, no matter what anyone else says. Plus, good looking kid, he's got the same look on his face that you do.
I've never skydived, so I'm speaking from complete ignorance. But how do you not notice that you're about to crash into the ground. For like, 10 seconds I kept waiting for the reserve to open because even I was thinking, 'Wow, all that stuff on the ground looks really big and clear.'
I don't know how to answer that. I have a wonderful wife and we've done remarkably well at having at least one of us stay positive at a time, mainly because the one not getting worn out can see when the other is wearing out and we just take over.  For a while my wife was working nights, and it was also when we were trying to sleep train my daughter. Those were hard, being alone, my daughter screaming bloody murder in the other room and me on my last nerve. I just got through it. So did she. When things get real bad just remember, it's okay to put them safely in a crib, close the door and take a break for ten or twenty minutes. Even when they're screaming their head off. Better you take a break than it get past that point of no return and something horrible happens. Plus, up until 2 or 3 years old they'll never remember the horrible, screaming filled nights that you left them alone until they figured out how to sleep and stay asleep. They don't remember much at that age actually.  I would never condone anyone ever hurting a child, never. I look at my babies and want to only protect them from the crap of the world. But I also could see how when you're tired, haven't slept more than a few hours a night for a couple weeks, and alone and they're screaming and it seems like it will never stop that lines get crossed. Remember to take a breath and that everything will be fine in the end. If it get's too hard, shoot me a PM.
Yeah, I sort of see your point. But, this guy was obviously making a move. And when you turned back the first time, I could clearly see the anger he was putting out there. He was obviously already peeved about something and no way were you going to slow him down.   This is the part I don't get, because I commute on a motorcycle and when I'm lane-sharing I always back down when I see cars and trucks making their move. They're going to put the metal out there, regardless of what I do. But all the videos I see of cyclists are the same thing, ride it out until the last possible moment and than do something about it while cussing the driver. I'll ride 40 mph between a two rows of stopped cars, but you cyclists, you got big balls.
We always called them gutter punks. Or am I thinking of something different? The ones in KC always had a pit bull with them. In fact, I once met a minivan full of them that were traveling from LA to Boston in this shitty Astro-van and their dog had puppies the day before. In the van. That was what hammered home to me that it was a lifestyle I would never want. I'm glad these pictures came out and reinforced my decision.
I don't know if it's a repost or not, but this is one of the first things in a while that has actually made me laugh out loud. Thank you OP for the post. You have made me day better.
What a bunch of twunts.
Thank you.
These questions are much easier to answer if we have some idea of your current experience level or software background. Have you ever used LabVIEW? Have you ever written any software in any language? Where and what have you searched for? What kind of NI acquisition device is it? What kind of sensors? How fast are things sampling? Etc...???   Sorry if this comes off as callous, but I'd like to see you get the assistance you need. However, writing a question like this will really just get you downvoted into oblivion.
Everyone keeps saying that. I've played through CE and Halo 2 without any issues or weird glitches.
A few of mine
I was waiting for this response and no I don't feel horrible reading this. And to think that we hadn't considered that and we were taking this step as a snap decision is pretty rude. We have tried to teach gentleness, however, with a one-year old, that's near impossible. I'm not going to make assumptions about you and whether or not you have children, but our one-year old is very active. Our apartment is not set up to allow for baby gates to make much of a difference, so apart from locking either my daughter or my pet in the bathroom (not really nice for either of them), there's no physical way to keep them apart, and I think it's way more cruel to crate my dog 90% of the time just because my wife and I's work schedules mean that only one of us are usually home at with them during the week. My daughter has just figured out how to get on the couch, which was Ella's only refuge, and unfortunately this was the last step that led us to this decision.  So, have a little bit of empathy and try to consider the following. I can continue to risk injury to my dog because I can't physically separate them while I attempt to teach an active and rambunctious one year old 'gentle', or I can re-home my dog to a loving and safe home where she can enjoy herself (likely with other dogs) and the owners can enjoy her.   Oh, and by the way, I know your comment was relatively off the cuff, but the 'other' dog in the photos passed away over a year ago, just before my daughter was born, actually. So there is no practicing with my other dog, but, thanks for reminding me that if only my other dog hadn't died, this would all be so easy.   Perhaps you should consider that four photo's and a paragraphs worth of information don't give you near enough insight into anyone's life so that you can pass judgement on them.
Day 2   Holy shit. I promise not to make this sub my daily journal, but wow. 26 hours in. I did great yesterday during the day and evening. But once the kid was asleep and my wife was still at work (she's a second shifter) things got tough. I'll spare you the grimy details, but I'll just say, my arms are tired. From push-ups. From dips. From preacher curls (more left than right, gotta even these forearms back out.) I also did a shit ton of sit-ups and squats, pretty much anything I could do in the apartment that involved not fapping. I also got a ton of work done. Worked on the decorations for the first b-day party that's coming up, got some code written for a project at work that's a little stagnant, some other stuff. But absolutely no fapping. The toughest part was that porn used to be a reward for myself. Oh look, I finished this, better look at some porn and take care of business. Now I have to figure out other rewards to take the place of it. Working out is kind of a reward, I guess. To keep this up I'll need to find other things.   I really respect the people on here that have 100 or 200 days. It can't be easy. Hell, I respect the people that have 3 or 4 days.
Awww, we feel super bad about it. Oh wait, it's the internet, we don't care.  (Also, I upvoted you for spite.)
Yeah, moved from Kansas 3 years ago. That was my first. I'm in Novato and ain't no chance in sleeping now. Edit: USGS has it centered in American Canyon at a 6.0.
Hope he went a few blocks over and got some Arthur Bryant's.