Guess so.
So have you all forgotten about the bad things FIFA have done?   Because I'm seeing you morons posting FIFA games and all other FIFA crap like nothing has happened. Good job keeping the momentum going, reddit. You guys are pathetic.
Which you failed to do.
Whatever, mind your own business.
Then go and talk to your bf instead of wasting other guy's time.
Ja, fordi vi har utroligt meget brug for uddannede mennesker indenfor zombie-studier: http://ekstrabladet.dk/vrangen/article4746284.ece  Tror du selv p at en studerende ville betale flere tusind kroner p et latterligt kursus hvis det var for deres egne penge? Men nr nu det er skatteyderne som skal betale, jamen hvorfor s ikke?  Og jeg hvis man brnder for at blive lge eller ingenir, s har man mulighed for at f det financieret selv. Der findes legater, community colleges, osv. I USA til at opfylde denne drm. Der er ikke mere mangel p hjtuddannede i USA i forhold til i Danmark, hilket viser at uddannelsessystemet fungerer liges godt som herhjemme, hvis ikke bedre efter min mening. Jeg behver ikke at f skatteyderne til at trre mig i rven, den kan jeg godt klare selv.
Is hungrybox still an engineer?
Because it's not my problem.
Not murders.
Can we get Arin and Dan to sing the opening theme with the lyrics "and outcrop I'm not so grab for the day grounds"
Lego = Dansk
It could be 5 plus minutes, but it wasn't. The video shows he barely held them up for 5 seconds. Plus the first time, he put his hand in his pocket. Can you give me a good reason for why he put his hand in his pocket? For all the police knew, he could be reaching for a gun in his pocket.
how is CNN different from Daily Mail?
If you go to /r/netflix or /r/televison a lot of people claim that the only reason they still have cable is because of sports. Sling is a perfect substitute for them. They can cut their monthly cost from ~$100 that cable costs to just $20 and stream their sports. It's a good service for some people. I just don't think that the Game Grumps audience is the right group to advetise this too.
They've made several videos. Since you can't be bothered doing a 2 sec search on Youtube, here they are:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ayd-e3DZI9s  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qF71bp1yZzM  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6YeB0NucfXk  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbnsrIMfn2U  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxeM08qvTlU  Their last video was only 3 months ago, not 2 years.
Is it just me or does Hbox mention his engineering degree a lot?
If you transliterate "Swarje" into Arabic letters it writes "" which translates to "Syria" in Arabic
Norway and Scandinavian countries in general are very great to live in with lots of security.  As a Danish person who has lived all his life in Denmark (which is pretty much the same as Norway) I can say that I've thought many times about moving away from Scandinavia, especially to the US.  Yeah, it's true that statistically speaking Scandinavian countries might be superior to the US, but I feel that in the end personal subjectivity plays an even bigger part. Some people will love Scandinavian countries, others will hate them. I'm not too fond of Scandinavian countries.  My biggest pet peevees about my country is that people are very cold and not open to meeting new people. When I studied abroad in the US it was very easy to talk to new people or even other people coming up to you and talk to you. I never really felt alone there. In Denmark though, it's a constant battle with loneliness because people prefer to keep to themselves.  I also dislike the socialist aspect of Scandinavian society where almost half of my salary goes to taxes. I mean sure, it gives us free education and healthcare, but that also means that our education and healthcare has zero flexibility and is in total control of the bureaucracy.  But those are just my personal opinions. You should come here for a few months and experience it for yourself. Maybe you'll love it, maybe you'll hate it. I've met both people who love this place and others who hate it.
I agree with all your points. That's also why I think that it's better to just go out and meet people. I feel like you're able to show more of your qualities in person than just based off text ans maybe my texting is so boring that I was better off staying away from it.  If just one person decides to go out and meet people instead of spending another night on r4r I feel like my post has been worth it lol
Which of the pro smash players would win in a real life fight if they had to mimic the moves of their main?
Nu har jeg s gjort dit dirty work, og fundet frem til referencerne i artiklerne.  Sjovt at personerne som der er refereret til, s som Sharon L. Huggins, Theresa Gramlich, osv. har rdder i visse LGBT organisationer.  Igen m jeg gentage mig selv: Upartiske undersgelser, tak.
Hvem er undersgelsen blevet bestilt af? Hvad er referencerne til artiklen? http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1741-3737.2009.00678.x/references  Hvordan ved du helt prcist at denne undersgelse er upartisk?
Hvordan kan man diskret hentyde til at man ikke er religis nr man har mrk hud?   Folk tror hele tiden at jeg er muslim pga. min hudfarve hvilket egentligt er forsteligt nok da de fleste med en mrk hudfarve i Danmark er religise.  Jeg synes dog desvrre at det gr det lidt svrt at mde piger da jeg har hrt at mange danske piger foretrkker at date en person som ikke er religis. Jeg har endda set enkelte dating profiler hvor de skriver at de ikke er interesserede i visse religise grupper.  Hvordan kan jeg diskret gre en sd pige som jeg mder ude i byen opmrksom p at jeg er ateist? Det virker lidt akavet at bare sige det fra starten af men vil ikke delgger nogen chancer bare fordi de tror jeg er religis pga. min hudfarve.
That's why you use a mute button.
Who would win in a game of chess between Hungrybox and Mang0?
I'm so happy to have Dan in Game Grumps. He is just a really inspirational person and I'm so glad to know that there is a person like him out there. He has honestly made me happiest the most out of all the Grumps and he is truly my favorite.
[Rumour] Ryu will be confirmed next week
That's very cool. Yes, Iranians seem much more integrated. Why is it that some of them date white men exclusively though? I've met two Iranian girls who said they only date Danish men. Is it because Iranian men don't treat them as good?
Don't worry about it. Hey, guess what, my post just got removed as well.  You've just gotten a first-hand impression of the idiocy that is Swedish political correctness. Talk about immigrants? Censored! I come from immigrant parents, and even I'm not allowed to talk about immigration because it's apparently racist. Go figure! It's only going to be a matter of time now before I'll get banned from here. Watch as the mods will claim that this post very post is racist. Don't even bother with this subreddit.
THAT'S the reason why it got removed? Are you just being sarcastic?  I'm a 2nd generation immigrant and if anything, discussions like those are NEEDED to clear the air. Nobody was riling up against immigrants. People were only talking bad about the organized criminals.
Something fishy is going on here. Your post didn't seem to be breaking any rules yet it was removed. I'd be really cool if the mods would be transparent here and give us some sort of explanation.  Generally, if your post is removed on reddit, it still shows up for you, but for everybody else it becomes a [removed] and it disappears from the subreddit listing.
Jon punches Arin