Daigo didn't even played badly. Ai Ai Juri play was beyond insane and thoroughly outplayed him. So happy he won and made top 8 at EVO. I hope to see him appear future tournaments to come.   The saddening thing was Daigo even admitted before Evo he was scared of him because of Ultra 1 so he should've used another character. Again Daigo's biggest weakness of his pride when it comes to counter-picking is shown here. I hope him watching Top 8 EVO makes him realise this.
Fun facts for this year's Ultra at EVO:  - Infiltration has gotten 3rd place at SF4 series 3 times now: 2010, 2013 and now 2015.  - Gamerbee has gotten 2nd place at SF4 series twice now: 2012 and now 2015.  - 2nd time ever at EVO for the SF4 series that the bracket has reset in Grand Finals.  - Infiltration used 8 different characters in this year's Ultra tourney: Juri, Chun Li, Evil Ryu, Akuma, Elena, Decapre, Ryu and Abel.  - Momochi has now beaten Infiltration 3-2 in their last 3 encounters at 3 different tournaments: Stunfest, South East Asia Major and now EVO.   - This is the first time a Juri (s) has been represented in SF4 at Top 8 EVO.  - Gamerbee has now been in Top 8 four times for SF4 series: 2010, 2012, 2013,  and now 2015.  - Infiltration has now been in Top 8 four times for SF4 series: 2010, 2012, 2013, and now 2015.  - PR Balrog has now been in Top 8 four times for SF4 series: 2009, 2012, 2013 and now 2015.  - Tokido has now been in Top 8 three times for SF4 series: 2011, 2013 and now 2015.  - Ultra SF4 Top 8 EVO peaked at 228,776 views as well as other streams to make it 254K was the highest for the entire weekend and also EVO history.
Elena Healing invasion on Xbox Live coming soon   [](/Kappa)
Amazing Ultra got the most views considering it was very late at night for other parts of the world.
Don't forget the extra twitch views from the Topanga Japan stream.
Who says Marvel Top 8 is dead without the Gods? 160K twitcher viewers NOW!
Marvel finally reached 150K twitch views!
This girl that is playing Ryu is Jyobin 2.0
A wild DJ ipad appears
What a douche.
I wish Ryan Hart would translate the japanese to english
US Chants in Marvel Before Top 8? Patriotism or Desperation?   [](/Kappa)
Lol bopped off-stream?
Remember when you said Momochi's Capcom Cup was self-explanatory? I wasn't sure what you meant so I went through his bracket again to check and he BEAT:  Snake EyeZ, Bonchan, Valmaster, Ryan Hart, Infiltration, Luffy, Xian (x2)  So he beat 3 EVO champions along the way to win the title. [](/Kreygasm)
What did Santarou say? Translation?
Am I the only person that gets really disturbed and creeped out when Daigo is just casually smiling in a high-pressure situation match?
That match took like 2 minutes WTF
I mentioned "phone" not "phones" mate
Nice start by Marsh!
Wtf happened to Smith's eye???
Hopefully Smith doesn't get out for 33 again
Give Warnie a bottle of water please!
Wtf is Warne on about?
GG Window!
Great for humanity.
Air won't beat Gamerbee in his bracket.
Apparently there's gonna be a special exhibition between these two at this upcoming Evo on Madcatz's stream. I saw it on MarkMan's twitter but I can't find it. If he deleted it, then I'm gonna assume it's not happening.
Warner's 'stache is an assault to the senses
Rule 5: Criticising Shane Watson is a customary (or obligatory) tradition here.
So will the commentating line-up be James Chen, Ultra David, Seth Killian, Spooky, Skisonic and Mike Ross for both streams?
What are you on about?
Tokido is a solid pick. I don't why people only praise for his technical side (vortex and set-plays). His ground game since Ultra has levelled up a ton and it's a testament to his skill as a player that he had to reinvent himself in the way he plays Akuma to succeed in this iteration.   I doubt EX Pugera will do as well as he did last year (9th place). Ibuki might seem top 5 on paper, but in tournaments, his character gets exposed by her bad matchups a little too much.  RB is an inspiring choice. Hope you're right!  Momochi is a straightforward pick. No complaints  Dieminion is also another good pick since he has a decent track record against the asian killers. Although I vouch Nuckle Du to do better since he has the edge of having multiple characters up in his sleeve.  I can't comment on valmaster since I don't know him very much. I do know he's probably the best chun in the world; on par with Vivi if not better.  Fuudo to me has stagnated. At this point, his character feels too linear and already figured out to really make a dent in the tourney. He will remain a solid, workhorse at the Top 16 spot.  No complaints about Xian as well although his myriad amount of pocket characters will serve him well in pools and semis.