it's not ruined. I meant great whatever as in okay, she acted zany which doesnt take away from the absurdity in this video. You know when somebody tries too hard and its absurd? Why are people not getting that? Are you her son?
Wow, that was really fucking hilarious. His manureisms really reminded me of a buddy. I have to send this to him.
How dd owr parnets mak fun of ther parnts wen ther was no roldpeoplefacebk ?? privte dont sharee   what dd the do?  Okay, serious for a second. I thought about this because my mother is a prime example of /r/oldpeoplefacebook material, but I'll never share it...unless it's that golden.  How dd she mke fun of herr mom  ?
I'm catering an event there soon. I'll see what I can do. I also know some fools involved with the place. Best of luck if I can't help though. :)
I'm speechless. I never knew of this thing but of course it exists because I made some random 10 foot back pack comment and it seriously looks like it 10 ft. hilarious. thank you.
Lol. That's some /r/showerthoughts junk right there.
I understand. I suppose I would just rather eat lobster with only butter in any capacity.   When mayo is added it just reminds me of the fake seafood salad from a deli. While I still eat it and dont mind it I just prefer it the other way, Look at us, two opinions in a box.
only child here. i didnt get away with jack shit.
Huh?
Always interesting when Lyme disease comes up as I live in old Lyme.
I don't know, what's up wit u daaawg?
where was this and how often does this happen?
Saw this just a bit ago. 95 north in Connecticut.
[I did. It went, okay](http://imgur.com/a/VnWuD)
PsBattle: CAT IN A CANOE
I must say that these past two episodes have been top notch.   I think they held on to some big guns in the writing department for this series finale via 4 episodes. There was a time where I was falling "out of love" with the show but these past 2 episodes have really brought me back and now I'm super sad its really going to end.   I am preparing myself by starting to watch Six Feet Under all the way through (again)
By now some of you may have heard of the super secret scavenger hunt put on by redditgifts that happened today. For the other 99 percent who didn't get to partake you're in luck.   Last week redditgifts sent us mods a message informing us that a user would be posting clues to the secret box in this subreddit, and to keep it a secret.   It somehow ended up in /r/hartford. Nothing against /r/hartford (they are a fine upstanding subreddit) but they have about 8,000 less subscribers.   To ensure that the rest of connecticut gets to partake in this I am doing my own.   **THE SUPER DUPER SECRET SCAVENGER HUNT THING**  To keep it relevant and not lose steam I am having it this Sunday (11/23). Be sure to keep your eyes peeled to /r/connecticut Sunday at around 8AM for the riddles/clues/etc.  The first clue will point towards the general area of the state and the next clue will be given after there is ample time for anyone from any corner of the state to make it to that area...ensuring everyone can get in on it.  I promise the box won't suck.
I mean, come on.
Swine eating chicken.
Mutations   Sitting here in my shed/workshop with a few drinks and a joint. Man, this album is fucking top notch. Been years since I gave it a good spin. It was that time when I could hear Beck starting to get serious with his songwriting, if you  know what I mean.
Just made my first ever apple purchase. Ipad w/retina.   Been using Microsoft and Android my entire life (I'm 35). I bought it manly for the use of and easy access to GarageBand. Android doesn't have anything close for me.   I'm new here guys. What do I need to know?   So far the main thing I have an issue with is the keyboard. I'm very used to swift key on my galaxy s4. Gotta say this thing has a very high quality feel.
When this tree sheds it's bark it looks like camouflage
Was told to come over here and post this. My first truck I have ever owned. I love it.
Our bunny with the pysanky.
Today I have surpassed one week. I never thought it was possible. Today I had a really rough day and I know I was an ass to some people. They understood. It's amazing. The feeling of choosing *not* to smoke. I swear I always thought I would never have that choice.   Thanks for reading. I know this isn't mind blowing or some great story but I am glad this sub exists so I am able to get it off my chest to some people who it means something to.
I started fishing about a year and a half ago...mainly in fresh water. Last week I went to the bait shop and had them gear me up with some surf/pier gear. This happened in my first couple days. I'm HOOKED
Don't get me in the middle of this.
Turkey vulture I came across today. I followed him around until he finally let me take a good shot. You guys see them often?
Abandoned house that was used in the cult horror flick from the 70's Lets Scare Jessica to Death. It was hard to get a good shot as no trespassing signs were everywhere. [1024 x 678] [OC]
Gee, thanks.
Can the press please vow to never show the picture of the shooter EVER!!! (Connecticut Elementary school shooting)   If we can somehow wipe this fucker out that would be great. This means no publicity via photo or any speculation on reasons. If you are on twitter please chime in with #avowtothepress Lets make sure the press can see this.
Give it to me. What are your thoughts?