From /r/amifreetogo   Police are not required to explain themselves or their actions to you or any other person they detain or arrest. A failure to explain their actions to a citizen, either out of malice or ignorance, does not mean a lawful order can be ignored. They are only required to justify their actions in criminal and/or civil court. Do not mistake a lack of explanation for a lack of grounds. Only refuse to identify yourself if you are absolutely certain you stand on solid legal ground. Do not attempt to stand up to police officers if you aren't equipped with enough knowledge to make a safe determination of what you're legally required to do and are prepared to endure a false arrest and charges. Any and all resistance must be passive. Never physically resist an officer (exceptions for extraordinarily extra-legal actions notwithstanding). If your rights are violated, seeking compensation will be hampered by any "bad" behavior on your part. Don't make your lawyer's job harder than it has to be.
I wish I knew how these were put in there, but it looks like it's more commonly [done] (http://imgur.com/7oKqdcL) .
Olivia Wilde
According to jihadist groups "Al-Nusra Dzhabhat" was shot down near the settlement of Arafah in the mountain massif of Jabal Akrad:  This UAV is easily recognizable as the "Aileron-3CB" produced by "ENIKS." And this drone reportedly fell on the territory controlled by the government troops in the area known for last year's battles town Kessab : Fragments of such UAVs Ukrainians were presented as "downed Russian 'heads -10 ''
Charlotte McKinney
Victoria Justice
Confederate Flag Taken Down From State Capitol in South Carolina
How much are 2 day 2 Park tickets. We have express passes for two days but want to enjoy both parks and not be in a hurry.
County clerks can refuse to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples based on religious objections to gay marriage, Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton said Sunday.
http://petapixel.com/2015/06/27/amanda-marie-ellison-the-smoking-girl-in-mary-ellen-marks-famous-photo/
Short on time? Don't worry. This month you'll get an extra second.
"That's their brand of basketball, and that's how team basketball should be played." LeBron James on the Spurs transformative championship win
Listen | By Derrick Coleman
Wow, only one service member would draw BAH, hopefully they took that into account with regards to eventually making the military cover 5%, I doubt it. Some of the figures mentioned losing at least $1,000 a month.
[AT T isn't really going that far though, at least not yet. Industry sources tell The Verge that AT T will continue to offer two-year contracts in its own stores and online, so it's not a coup de grce for consumers. And even if AT T killed contracts, programs like AT T Next are sort of like contracts by a different name  they're still expensive commitments.] (http://www.theverge.com/2015/5/19/8625985/attt-two-year-contract)
Tried it, just another extension for feedly which still has latency. I think news blur should be ok,  it suggests real time updates.
I only see a list of times it will re-air. http://m.bleacherreport.com/articles/2465404-iverson-preview-and-tv-schedule-for-showtime-documentary
[replay] (http://www.sbnation.com/2015/5/16/8616099/preakness-stakes-video-replay-2015-american-pharoah?utm_campaign=sbnation utm_content=article%3Atop utm_medium=social utm_source=twitter#)
Everywhere is booked in the area, I'm glad I found this little gem. Will take my photo next week. Other places were quoting me June after the board.
Previously unseen rifle presented at Ukrainian arms inspection
Nigel Terry, Who Starred in 'Excalibur' as King Arthur, Dies at 69
[Main Event Fight Time: There are two undercard fights, and it's guaranteed that the ring walks for Mayweather-Pacquiao won't start until 11 p.m. There could be some downtime, but they'll have plenty of promotional material sitting around that they can run.] (http://www.sbnation.com/2015/5/2/8534281/floyd-mayweather-manny-pacqiao-fight-ppv-tv)
Legere said during Uncarrier 9 that it will never run out  http://www.theverge.com/2015/3/18/8249169/t-mobile-uncontract-announced
I confirm this, I had that plan located at the bottom of the page, 5gb, I think 100 min cap, but you can use Google Voice, if your out of minutes. Was a great plan, and then I switched to the 2 for $100 on Tmobile. I would seriously spend more if I didn't have unlimited. I think it's a nice gimmick for them to say, you only pay what you use, well that would be a lot of dinero.
Boston Marathons Final Finisher An Inspirational Story  CBS Boston
Interesting, thanks.
I would like to see what Belichick and Co prioritize to avoid the so called Bubble? In years past they have traded down and that has paid dividends, but with the Patriots getting older, maybe he takes a chance on a high salary player but I doubt it as we have seen with Welker and other players looking for large contracts.
Yep thanks for your advice, no one mentioned litigation. We are provided with a ABA therapist already, private insurance so we do get collaborate and have things to work on at home, just want it to carry into the classroom, except there is so much pushback. Thanks for the education, you must be well versed in special education laws...
[2:46] (http://rotwnews.com/2015/03/15/ryan-and-sara-hall-to-run-asics-la-marathon-for-first-time/)
After five years of development, the Uralvagonzavod Research and Production Corporation has finalized manufacture of the first batch of Armata tanks and heavy personnel carriers. They have been included in Russias 2015 defense order, TASS said.  The new Armata armored tracked platform has reportedly combined and assimilated all the last decades major developments and innovations in battle vehicle design and construction.  The platforms chief tank (T-14) sports an unmanned remotely controlled turret armed with a brand new 125 mm 2A82-1M smoothbore cannon. Its muzzle energy is greater than one of the worlds previously considered best cannons: the German Leopard-2 Rheinmetall 120 mm gun.  The 125 mm gun has 15-20 percent improved accuracy and its rolling fire angular dispersion has improved 1.7 times.   According to Russian media, the Armata tank might also come with a specially developed 152 mm gun, the most powerful ever cannon to be mounted on a main battle tank.  The tanks turret will also carry a 30 mm sub-caliber ranging gun to deal with various targets, including low-flying aerial targets, such as attack planes and helicopters.  A 12.5 mm turret-mounted heavy machine gun is reportedly capable of taking out incoming projectiles, such as anti-tank missiles. Its capable of neutralizing shells approaching at speeds of up to 3,000 meters per second.  The tanks crew is securely enclosed in a multi-layer armored capsule separated from the ammunition container. The vehicle is fully computerized and only needs two servicemen to operate it. Each can also deploy the tanks weapon systems.  The tanks targeting is reportedly done with an active-phased array antenna and a large variety of other sensors.  The Armata platform allegedly has a fully mechanized electric transmission, powered by a 1,200 HP diesel engine. For greater efficiency, maintenance and repair schedules have been extended.  Within its blueprint, the Armata armored vehicle has the potential to evolve into a fully robotic battle vehicle.  According to preliminary estimates, 2,300 units are required for the Russian army.
Great write-up, I can see his military values carried over into coaching, his interest in the intangibles of a player is what puts him over other coaces, he's going against the grain.
This rule needs to be tweaked, eventually maybe twenty years from now this will cause controversy in the most important game of all and fans will turn sour especially if it's against their team.