What movies or series of movies should everyone see in their lifetime?
LARPing just got extreme.
The original Mad Max movies.
The rotating hallway fight in Inception.
Has no one said April O'Neil?
My biggest problem with the film is the fact they changed a major theme of the book, which is fear of the unknown.   SPOILERS   In the book the buggers attacked earth because they thought that humans were an inferior race and kind of stupid, only because they could not communicate the way they did. In the film they say they attacked because they ran out of resources and needed water or something which means that humans have some sort of knowledge of the aliens.  The whole war is started because they could not communicate and did not understand each other. That's why Ender feels remorse and takes the baby bugger.   Feel free to correct me if I'm wrong. That is what I got out of it.
Speaking as someone who lives in California there a few things you/she need to know. Yes, everything here is much more expensive. I live in the south Bay region and pay around $860 a month for a studio apartment. Fairly big enough but still. Also, there are good areas (redondo beach, marina del Rey, Irvine, Glendale) and there are bad areas (LA, Compton, Hollywood). Moving here won't give you any more opportunities unless you already have your foot in the door. If you have already been talking to some of these companies and are interested in giving you a job, go for it. But if you come here looking for a job you will probably fail. LA is full of people hoping to "make it" and only around 13 percent actually succeed. Look at your current circumstances and decide if that's the best decision for you.
Sub here. The teacher said to specifically have the students sit in their own seats. A student asked if they could move and I told them that their teacher said to stay in their seats. The student actually responded "no she didn't". I was like really? I have the paper right here!
I have them on while on long car rides. Makes them feel much shorter.
Where's pigpen?
Kenshin Himura
Not necessarily weird but I find women who are talented very attractive. Like if you are good looking but also can sing, play an instrument, are good at sports, or can dance... You rocket to the top of my charts.
Here are some great gems on the DS: Ghost Trick: Phantom Detective, 999, Dragon Quest IX, Robocalypse, and Elite Beat Agents.
I'd love to see the Drunk Cory/ Bacon Story!
Flip it and rip it.  Diving.
Beni Benimle Birak by Manga.
It's alright. You might want to check out some prov videos though and see what really good looks like. Might I suggest NachoTHPS and then click on links from there.
Google Thugpro. You're welcome.
I remember Create-a-review. That's was the place for the community! I remember hanging out with the Tho guys. Tek was really cool.
Katy Perry Superbowl
We did! He signed it "all my love" and his signature :)
The Mcpoyles go clubbing
Shame. Also, spiderman
Was this written by Charlie Kelly?
I apologize in advance if someone has already posted this (I didn't read all the comments :/). But he strikingly resembles his own master (Ben kenobi). Foreshadowing?
The same
No joke. We have this in the men's bathroom at my university. It's a Christian College BTW
Looks like he's a padawan.
Have humans slowed or stopped the evolutionary process?
The same goes with video games? Do you play them in chronological order or when they were made? Example:Kingdom Hearts or Metroid?
One of my favorites is "graffiti is for fags"
He must be writing the trombone part