Words right from Sandra Bullock in 2013-   "Well, think of a bidet, right? said Bullock. Theres several processes. You have number one, you have number two, and then the cleanup.  But it doesnt stop there. Turns out the seashells are also musical instruments. You can use them as little maracas as well, continued Bullock, giving an example of the sort of beat you can drop with the futures answer to toilet paper. See, its a musical instrument, and its a hygiene element!
Raleigh
If you watch the very first movie, it kinda explains that every fighter in Mortal Kombat has a superhuman ability, that gets intensified multiple times over when they enter Outworld and the Tournament. So in this theory I would assume it would increase their ability to take more devastating hits and as you said, until they lose the will to continue fighting.
Memories? We still never found out whats in the safe! You can't go yet!
and you get an upvote.
jet
melt
Jenny
The worst.
Yes because if there's one thing I've noticed since moving here...the people are horrible drivers.
Very nice. I'm gonna check it out now. Thanks!
Steamed broccoli
100k votes in 2 days man. TWO DAYS. Give it a week, this news is spreading like wildfire and Gabe isn't helping his case by dancing around direct questions.
Slender...
Eminem
Beat me to it. Dammit.
She's legitimately nuts. I found out shortly after hooking up with her, twice. She held a knife to her ex boyfriends throat when he wanted to sleep for work the next day instead of having sex, I told her that was it between us the next day. I received CONSTANT calls for the next couple days, then it turned occasional calls. Finally, nothing. Fast forward two years, she now has a baby and (to my knowledge at the  time) she had just broken up with her boyfriend. Also at this time, it had been awhile for me and I had a couple drinks. She called me with the sole intention of having sex, so stupid me went and did it....twice again. It was the same thing, oh why don't you wanna be with me until finally she let loose. "Fuck you asshole, my boyfriend will be here any minute and he's gonna know about this!" I laughed directly in her face and saw myself out of there. He calls me twenty minutes later, I told him my side, he ended up staying with her and not really being pissed at me. Fast forward to now (almost ten years since we originally hooked up). In the past year she has contacted me, seemingly friendly. Until she starts asking questions like, "Do you think it could still work between us?" and other stupid, bat-shit crazy things like that. I respond the same way I always have for the past 9 years. "Nah, we are two different people, would've never worked." Today, I just moved from PA to NC the other day, somehow she caught wind and was all "Oh I'm gonna miss you I wish we could've been together, at least one last time before you move." HUNG UP immediately.    So yea, that bitch is still crazy.
Raghib "The Rocket," Ismail
How does a misspelled title still get on the front page? Do we have no respect for ourselves anymore, Reddit??  PS- Sweet blanket
Woooooooo
Kelly Kapowski.
It's more of a hagabadla.
As a person who trained all of my dogs, I agree. You can have an upvote while I'm at it too.
Inglorious Basterds
RUDY! RUDY! RUDY!
Nope, it would be empty because everyone would be on the next reddit-esque site that has anonymity.
Building in Philly turned into ice palace
Ugh still don't know yet. A Pete, Aaron Rodgers, (Aaron Hernandez lol) the more I think about it, the more I think Megatron might be taken. What else could I go for? I was thinking maybe CJ Spiller, but like I said, not sure who is being kept. Our commissioner is kind of lackluster this year with relaying information.
After reading everything, watching the video..I've come to realize that this guy is a total dickbag, and what he did was absolute garbage. I have no endearing things to say towards him, and I certainly hope he gets all 4 years in jail. What you did was help our government further their fight towards "owning," the internet entirely. Thanks asshole. (Oh, the people with the Guy Fawkes mask at his press conference, 100% serious? Wow.)
Worked right out of high school as a cabinetmaker for 5 years. Realizing how depressed everyone in my trade was due to money and general unhappiness, I looked at myself and realized...time to face facts, I'm gonna encounter some shitty times if I go to school and work a shitty job...I'm now enrolled in school, on par for President's list, and loving every minute of it. (I am in school for computer networking) Quite a change, best decision I've ever made.
I can't upvote this enough. I believe this is a dream that all well-qualified, yet underpaid workers have. Good luck at your next job, hopefully better pay with less a-holes.
Such an awesome AMA! Never heard about  you before til now!! Cool to see you do a straight up, quick response AMA.