CONGRATULATIONS CONOR MCGREGOR!!
Supernatural S10E03 Soul Survivor Review
Sons of Anarchy S07E07 Greensleeves Review
Bisexual!Fitz??
Sleepy Hollow S02E05 The Weeping Lady Review
Boardwalk Empire Season 5 Episode 6 The Devil You Know Recap
Were friends of the chick with the swords and the kid in the hat.   	Carol
Sunday`s Major Tv Premiere: The Walking Dead Season 5 Episode 1
Only 2 Days Left
This Thursday`s Tv Shows Summaries   Pictures
American Horror Story 'Monsters Amongst Us'
Evan Peters is literally deliciously sinfully attractive when his characters get angry for some reason!
Tonight`s Tv Shows Premieres: Arrow, Kingdom, AHS
'King of Norway' Recap
Downton Abbey Season 5 Press Reviews
Friday Tv Shows
Good one! That is why I love this show...it`s filled with these kind of wisdom quotes!
Doctor Who Day: Robot of Sherwood
Doctor Who S08E01 Deep Breath
Suits S04E09 'Gone' Review
`Victoria Argent was a recurring character on MTV"s Teen Wolf played by Eaddy Mays. She is the late wife of Chris Argent and the mother of Allison Argent.  Since the men of the family are hunters and the women are leaders, she was in charge of the hunters in Beacon Hills. ` Read more here: http://teenwolf.wikia.com/wiki/Victoria_Argent
Sam Trammell wasnt even in this episode. I think this may be the first episode that he ever missed on the show. Its such a waste of the character and all because of how some fans responded to him in the last book. I guess if the fans wanted Sam to be a random stranger who had no connection to Sookie, thats exactly what True Blood now turned him into. Sam Merlotte was Merlottesthe living pulse of Bon Temps. Now I dont know what he is. This just makes me sad.
The Knick Series Blog Post
Guardians of The Galaxy Blog Review
I think people won`t be offended for too long...at least I hope so!
Yeah...me too! I think it will only go up from here!
3 Films to Watch Today W. Witse The Movie 2014, Bears 2014 and Starred Up 2013
Does anybody like Sookie Stackhouse any more???
Thanks a lot!
I hope there is...I am kinda sick of all this drama with them two...let it be over with and let the show `come back to normal` like in the first 2 seasons!!!
Pretty Little Liars 'Scream for me' Thoughts...   Its so obvious Hanna hates Ali. She is avoiding her big time! Im telling youHanna joined Mona. She cant face her. Shes drinking and stressed because shes afraid the girls might find out.     Rhonda is so cute with her root beer and crunchy cheese doodles.     I think E. Lamb was fired and pushed out of town by A.     Poor Ella. I have a feeling they moved the wedding up because she got pregnant. Zach is an Asshole!!!!     Did Sydney slip up on purpose about NY or by accident. (Id love to hear your thoughts on this!)     I want to hear what everyone thinks about Alis behavior. All fake?     I was shocked it was Noel who broke in the Marins house! When Ali first blurted his name out i had a heart attacki thought she was going to say he was A or something tp do with A!!     Just a side thought..didnt Mona also ride horses? Remember she went with Kate and her friend when Hanna went?   Thats all i have. Any comments?
True Blood tonight was ridiculously boring. I mean come on, this is a final season! Dont put us to sleep! I want some action and some oh shit! moments, preferably lots of them!!!