I said in the recipe I posted you need to cook it for at least an hour. It was a 1.5 pound rack so yes an hour in the sous vide brought the internal temp to 125F... exactly what I had my water bath set to. You do not want to cook certain meats for extended periods of time or they will get mushy. That is why I recommended 1-3 hours. For a cheap cut like a short rib or brisket, they can be sous vide up to 72 hours to break down the collagen and tenderize the meat
Oh. I was being sarcastic anyways
/r/misleadingthumbnails ?
browned shallot and garlic in butter, added wine and cream and it became this color! maybe the longostino and shrimp added the pink hue?
Girlfriend made a cake for her moms bday
I really want this to be the case :(
I highly recommend trying it. It has changed meat for me completely. There are tons of diy ways but I just bought a sous vide machine made by anova culinary: http://anovaculinary.com/
Remington 700 SPS Varmint chambered in 308.  I upgraded the stock to a Bell and Carlson Medalist Tactical/Varmint Style 2. Didn't really like the X-mark pro trigger so I swapped it out with a Timney 512.   Optic is a Vortex Viper HS-T 6-24x50 SFP with milrad reticle. The mount is a Nightforce one-piece direct mount, 20 MOA.  Lastly is the Harris bipod, 9-13 inch.   This is my first bolt-action and I'm looking forward to getting to know it and shooting a bunch to work on my accuracy. It will mainly only be used as a target gun.
Oh got it. I'll keep that in mind for next time!
We first baked two potatoes, then cut one in half and scraped out all but 1/4" of it. We completely scraped out the other potato. The potatoes were then blended with cream cheese, butter, brown sugar, salt, pepper, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg and cayenne. This mixture was then pipetted back into the first potato skin that we cut in half and then baked for 15 mins. Turned out great!
So your wife just took your kid and left while you in the hospital?
Sandia heirloom pepper
Sushi for sure
Did you find the keto to hinder your endurance training at all? I'm a cyclist and I noticed the lack of carbs to affect my endurance riding
No, it doesn't  [Source] (http://www.nlm.nih.gov/medlineplus/ency/article/002655.htm)
Grilled chicken club with spicy garlic fries
Yeah it is. I'm running the TOMs Mini Canister and 24" Finnex FugeRay on it
Oyster Po' Boy!
Took it out of the oven at 115F... Definitely not raw :)
Haha not Asian actually
Haha they're like $4.50 in Sac. Still not bad for a delicious sandwich in my opinion
Bahn Mi [3,264x2,448]
Yeah I think they do it more for the presentation. Although I was able to eat it after squishing it quite a bit haha
Homemade toasted turkey, pastrami, and gruyere sandwich [OC] [3,264x2,448]
Watch SpongeBob on TV even when there's other more age appropriate things on
Thank you!
So did you tell your brother?
Is that like a serious crime or something? I can understand getting in a little bit of trouble but taking something like that to court seems a little over the top...
The squealing is totally normal for carbon wheels. I am still using the blue pads supplied from farsports and haven't had any issues
I've ridden some pretty steep descents, no issues with brake fade or heat issues. I've come to a stop from 46mph and everything was totally fine. I love the wheels
2011 Trek Madone 5.2  http://i.imgur.com/1OB59eVl.jpg
Anybody know what kind of spider this is?