damn man nice.  I guess I just have to keep searching.  Was that the first doctor you went to and you got the jackpot?  I definatly don't want it to seem like i'm doc shopping.
Psychiatrist appoinment tomorrow   So I have been on Paxil for quite a long time now- 12 years and I feel like it really isn't working anymore.  I also was able to get a few small scripts for Ativan.  Problem is my regular doctor doesn't think i should be taking any benzos for a long period- no more than like a week at a time because its addictive blah blah.  I ran out of my last script of 20 1mg pills and she won't refill it for me so I am kind of in a withdrawl right now.  Sucks because I feel a lot better when I take just one 1mg of Ativan and I don't feel any better when taking my Paxil.  Here is my question: It seems like a lot of people on this forum have a decent ongoing script for benzos.  How did you go about getting it? I'm not asking for a ton of pills, just something that is more longterm that 1 or 2 scripts of 30 pills a year.  My doctor has referred me to a psychiatrist who I see tomorrow and she will be managing my psych meds from now on not my medical doctor.  I wasn't even going to post this but I might have a better shot at getting something that actually works for me on more of an ongoing basis because I feel pretty crappy now!! Thanks for any advice.
food maxx
fo sho indeed!
Haha
M3s are badass
go to the bb forum
Ok well the ones I was finding at the nursery weren't even of the papaver somniferum strain.  I found some in the store for cooking but all they said were ingredients: poppy seeds.  lol now more info.
Chico?
Yes I agree with you. Before I trieed methadone I tried suboxone and it didn't hold me enough so I went back to using for a bit.  I was getting worse with using more by the week so I decided to do a bit of research on methadone to get the facts about it-not the myths or rumors because beforehand I was a bit apprehensive to try methadone- I thought that it was left for hardcore junkies.  Well since I started on it it has really helped i'm really happy because I was thinking to myself if methadone doesn't work I have nothing else to fall back on so I was getting a bit scared.  luckily it worked!
75 is a good ass deal but depends on the potency of it.  If its been cut to all hell then its not that great of a price although i have been paying 60 for .5 g lately.  I've been getting really good stuff lately tho.
so you are saying that if one 1 day of the week you double your dosage and it gets you pretty high?  How is that been working for you i'm not at the point of take homes yet and i'm only taking 50mg right now but I have a feeling the dr is going to up it.
I just started it last week but i'm doing it to get "clean" so I am in a program and go everyday to get my dose.  I am on a fairly low dose (50mg)  and i have yet to really feel a high from it. more just like it keeps most of my withdrawls and cravings at bay so I can get on with my life and not worry about how i'm gonna hustle up $100 a day for H.  If you were to have no tolerance to opiates I could see it as being ok but never understood why people would ever do it recreationally.
OK thanks. i've been around the stuff i can get ahold of and I hear that it's pretty decent stuff i have just not tried yet cause I was still wasting $$ on pills.
lol it was basically like how they sell "legal weed" synthetic stuff now. but this was claiming it was a certain % pure heroin.
bought these yesterday   I know i'm probably beating a dead horse her but i've never had them before. my tolerance is up to 10 norcos in 24 hours. usually a bit less though.  i currently broke one in 1/2 and have it sitting in a shot glass of coke and they are floating around haha.  any other ideas? they are the op 80s incase it's hard to tell in the pic.  http://i43.tinypic.com/2s6mu50.jpg
ah ok
fucking ehhh man!! i wish i was in your fucking shoes right now!! en fucking joy!!! haha sorry for all the swears but i had to emphasize my excitment!!
headache, almost threw up, nausea.  basic side effects I guess.
dude not a problem at all. it takes a lot to offend me and trust me you didn't haha.  I have a tolerance now, obviously so when I take my meds I don't feel "high" just about normal.  I am i think about in the same boat as you where its a fine line between using them for what they are intended for or just strictly for recreation.  also I am not trying to scare you but i was in your exact doctor situation and it happened to me so I guess always have a back up plan if you plan on staying on opiates for a while.
gay porn
I just can't believe that i mopped the shit outta it and it was still intact. hahaha wow.  I wish 1 of you guys were here now so I could give it to you, I love my brops!!
found this at work today   i work in a church kitchen and literally mopped up over this thinking it was a piece of candy.  never done these but have heard about them from this subreddit.  score?!?!  i don't know what i'm gonna do with it- i havent touched anything stronger than norcos.  http://imgur.com/t9pNREv
sorry i'm such a noob. i am from the streets and don't really fuck with the net but here:   http://imgur.com/mt6Nf
ok we sound in about the same place :)  I have had this doc for about 7 years now and we have a great relationship which I don't want to mess up but I feel like I do have a legitimate reason to get a bit more meds.  I've never done the doctor shopping thing and the pain managment clinics are very pricy since I am going thru Kaiser Permanente and its really cheap but which from what i have heard is the Wal Mart of hospitals but it is all I have I known.  Thanks for the response!!
Man you are lucky to live there. I am on the other side of the country in california and the doctors here are pretty stingy.  my friend was trying to get me to take a roadtrip to FL and I told him after that movie it was virtually dead but I guess its not!!  Still, i'm not going to take a cross country journey for something that still is not a 100% sure thing haha.  even though it sounds like it is pretty close to that.
yes
haha yeah but this was exactly what i was going to put as a comment til i saw someone already posted it so i just copied and pasted it in agreement lol
i've actually never tried tramadol. heard it was not gonna do anything and i don't want to take any more pills than I need to so yeah i just chucked the script i had for like 20 of them.  i have had darvocet if it is like that.
the link:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfMLtj6qSsc
why wouldn't you? but you know best so tell me why not
btw what state are you in?? i am in california, bay area.