Senate, Once Again, Looks To Bring Back CISA: Surveillance Expansion Bill Pretending It's A Cybersecurity Bill | Techdirt
In Russia, selfie takes you, prompts official safety selfie warning
Agreed.
'It's a graveyard': The software devs leaving Greece for good
Microsoft Rolls Out The Latest Windows 10 Build To Its 5 Million Testers
Dorks and Mall Cops Take Heed: Volkswagen to Sell Foldable Segway-Type Thing
A team from the RIKEN Center for Emergent Matter Science, along with collaborators from several Japanese institutions, have successfully produced pairs of spin-entangled electrons and demonstrated, for the first time, that these electrons remain entangled even when they are separated from one another on a chip. This research could contribute to the creation of futuristic quantum networks operating using quantum teleportation, which could allow information contained in quantum bits-qubits-to be shared between many elements on chip, a key requirement to scale up the power of a quantum computer. The ability to create non-local entangled electron pairs -- known as Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen pairs -- on demand has long been a dream.
1. There Are Ads  Apple never mentioned this and youd be surprised considering how rich it is, but occasionally little promotional messages like Beats 1 is made possible by American Express play on the air.  2. The Music Selection Is All Over The Place  Hardcore drumnbass dance music is immediately followed by serene singer/songwriter crooning, followed by loud and jangly rocknroll. Youll need very eclectic tastes to enjoy all of it.  3. Zane Lowe Loves The Sound Of His Own Voice  The London DJ whos the face of Beats 1 frequently talked over the songs he played, dropping the brand name, excitedly cheering on his own selections, mentioning tour dates, or repeatedly reminding users that Beats 1 is WORLDWIDE!. Twitter has flooded with complaints about his interruptions.  4. Song Will Be Censored  Apple wants to keep Beats 1 family-friendly. So even when it dropped a song by Apple SVP Dr. Dre, it aggressively bleeped out objectionable words or whole lines.
Drone pilot here. There are already laws in most countries and are generally jurisdiction of the army. They should only be applied but people dont cares about it.
Dont forget to flair the post as "Solved" ;)
Great!
Yeah. Good luck.
Apple and Salesforce CEOs call on South Carolina to take down Confederate flag
City Of Inglewood Spent Over $50,000 To Hire A Lawyer Flagrantly Abuse Copyright Law To Try To Silence A Citizen
Three months after the abrupt end of "Top Gear" on BBC2, reports indicate that the show's trio of hosts are headed for Netflix. [Report] (http://uk.businessinsider.com/report-top-gear-trio-headed-to-netflix-2015-6?r=US#ixzz3caWQY3Vd)   So yes, its speculative.
WikiLeaks offering cash for leaks on Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal
Internet privacy lawsuits, once all the rage, fizzle out
Comcast customer satisfaction rating plummets again
That screen on the console on C series is a bit exaggerated, it could be integrated as in previous versions.
Charter to buy Time Warner Cable, become second biggest broadband provider
New neural implant reads a persons intentions to control robotic arm
Google developing Brillo Internet of Things OS based on Android
Im agreeing with you, just completed with http://9to5mac.com/ information. :)
this is not my pet...  but if it would not help anyway lol
This is sad but, with HDMI 2.0a new standard (that nothing changes for customers in terms of cable) and the ignorance about internet speeds, common people will always end saying shut up and take my money.
Only Fifth Of U.S. Apple Watches Shipped Over Launch Weekend, Says Data Firm
Android pissing on Apple - Google Works To Improve Spam Detection Systems On Google Maps After Obscene Edits
Thanks man. This kind of crap is everywhere. As I am using the blue alien recently, not easily find the options to ban or report. soon as I can I will.
The Legend of Zelda finally got the Game of Thrones intro treatment it deserves
Yeah. Share with other friends.
HBO NOW standalone streaming service debuts on Apple TV with 30-day free trial
I installed successfully an Mac OS X 10.10 Yosemite in my Dell Optiplex 780 with GeForce GT 430 through Clover. Only using loadvbios option.