I already try to talk to her, in my experience, time can heal you but can also drag you down very fast. This is something I want to prevent at all cost. I really do hope it's just a phase and she'll snap out of it.  I drove home for the night so we could have dinner and he seems allright, laughing from time to time and making jokes so I'm carefully hopefull :)  And glad to hear that you seems to do allright, I doubt I can make you a whole lot better but if it's any help, I have tough about you, that stranger from Reddit, quite a few times today and I really do hope you're good! *internet hug*
Thank you, I might bring this up when Infeel the time is right.  And that may be so but that's no reason for me not to care about others right? So, stanger to stranger, how are you doing and dealing with it now?
What does he say tough?
2
Amsterdam?
I suggest you download Tor and go browse Silkroad, alot of fake documents are being sold there.  /r/silkroad to get started! Just be sure not to get lost ;)  Edit: why downvote his question? I was never under the assumption everyone held such high moral standards here..
How on earth can you call players like Wickd, krepo, snoopeh and yellowpete 'trash'? Yes, they have their bad games, everyone does. I personally have seen lots of improvement troughout the last season and they ended 4th in the LCS. Trash? Gl in your series to bronze 2 or whatever it is you play in  /rant
EG, CLG and M5 here, still got a shot! /#believe
Would love this aswell! Especially because, in this way, it would be alot easier for people from all over to come and join in, even some of us living in Belgium. *hint hint*
He casted his ult just at the exact time requiem would hit. This is very hard to pull off because he was under alot of pressure by SK and he had to time it perfectly since there's only like a half second window of invurnability
Holy shit, you're actually really good!! Was a bit afraid when I opened it, 'another LoL parody' but damn, you got talent man!
How on earth is it possible I watched NA lCS this night on my mobile phone, in bed, with no lag whatsoever. Then watched OGN this morning, a stream from Korea,  lag.  Now I want to watch EU LCS, wich is basically played in my backyard and I just can't because of the horrible lag?? Get yo shit together EU LCS
Blue side seems to be OP on kata
Tyler?
Is it the book in wich the army accidently shoots a commercial jet, leaving some survivors in it and then debates wether if they should shoot it down to get rid of the evidence? Because I liked that one!
Saving this for later!
When should this be implemented? Anyone have an idea? Thanks
My kind of pet
Wow, thank you for this reply. I'll have a shot at it and perhaps keep you guys updated on how I'm doing. Wish me luck!
Who, Dennis? Nope, haven't seen him..
I'm just gonna jog across the street while the light OOOOOHHHHH SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITTTT!!!!!!!!!!!! - [0:09]
If there's one person 'X-P-special' in the room, it's her. Good lord, so bad..
iTunes 11 doesn't open anymore, help please!   Hi,  So I recently upgraded to iTunes 11. Everything went great for a day or 2 but ever since then, iTunes just doensn't open anymore. I tried everything, re-installing, opening as admin, giving priority, deleted iTunes and all sub-components, cleaned registries and reinstalled. Same problem tough, just doesn't want to open..  When I try to launch it and have task manager open, it actually shows up in the list of processes, only to dissapear after a second or 5, never showing the iTunes screen or pictogram in the system bar. Could anyone help me please? Thanks alot!!  Info: I run Windows 7 64 bit, any other information needed, just ask! Cheers
Would love to see the final 4 players A-move the middle of the map simultaniously, would be epic!
'It's just you, me and a Pringles can' That Wingsofdeathx and Aphromoo syngergy, go watch!
Yes, what mdbjd said was correct, Riot has been criticised often because they tend to fall back on nerfing something they feel is too strong, rather then trying to balance it in another way, making alot of the campions feel the same and damaging the diversity.
This.. Actually, I don't even know if I'de want to know.  Actually, yeah I do..:p
Time to start e-mailing EG sponsers?
I know the feeling all too well. I think something along those lines would have applied to me aswell. Luckely, I liked sleep too much to actually get up early to game wich kept me atleast a bit healthy but still, it was pretty bad from time to time. There were weeks in the winter where I realised I haven't seen the sun in days, I was basically living during nightime and blocked out the little sun there was.
Yes I have, and I actually did. This was on my old laptop, instead of removing everything I bough a new one (an Alienware, stupid me) and told myself I wouln't install games anymore. This lasted for maybe 3 days and made me realise afterwards that I indeed have a problem.  No, I never got to GM but I've been Top-8 Masters frequently, I think I played too much CoD to actually get promoted (I was #1 5v5 in the esl for almost a year, this made me some money in online tournaments but this was more bad then good, since I used it as an excuse to keep playign since 'I made money with it')
I don't exactly how or what made me realise I was addicted but suddently I started seeing that the people around me were right and I was actually spending way too much time gaming and on the internet and I decided that this is not the life I wanted to live. So I packed my bags and went to France for the entire summer with a few mates, spent our days surfing and such but I tried to refrain myself form any form of internet usage. When I got back I forced myself to stay away from the PC as much as possible and that's a battle with myself I still have to fight every day. And like I said, I started working, travel as much as possible, mostly for surfing. And the biggest thing probably, I found a girlfriend who lives a simular lifestyle, alot of travelling and such and that keeps me away from falling back into old habits.
Nee, Knokke :)