Have you personally had a paranormal/creepy experience that couldn't be easily debunked or explained? Share it!   I'd like to think I'm a pretty skeptical and rational person, and even though I'm interested and fascinated by all things creepy, more than once I've found myself thinking/saying to the TV "That's dust. That's caused by plumbing issues" etc.  But more than once, specifically in my childhood home, there were times I couldn't apply a rational explanation (even though I wanted to!)  Once, when I was about 18 and my younger sisters were 15 (twins) one of the Twins stayed home from school sick, and I was to take care of her while everyone else was at work/school. I made my sister a pallet of blankets and pillows in the living room floor, made her some lunch, and put on the TV (at a very very quiet volume) while I went into the kitchen to fold clothes. (our washer/dryer were behind a curtain in a recessed area of the dining room. It was an open floorplan house and everything branched off from the huge kitchen/dining room btw) While I was folding clothes, I was talking to our grandmother on the phone who says she's "sensitive"- I'm not sure about that, I know she exaggerates things, but she's a hell of a judge of character, and sometimes seems to know things she shouldn't.  Anyway, as I was folding clothes I FELT AND HEARD someone walk behind me, across the kitchen, toward the main door. The floor vibrated, and it made noise, like my dad walking in his workboots- but specifically him walking like he was angry or annoyed, so I looked back, and no one was there.  Then I realized, not only was no one there, but Daddy was at work, and my sister and I were the only ones home, and I know my sister didn't move, I could still see her from where I was standing. I ignored it, and continued talking to Nanny. It happened again and I looked behind me. Suddenly over the phone Nanny said "What's happening there?" and as I was about to tell her, I heard a really loud thud from the living room, and my sister jumped up and ran into the kitchen and yelled "SOMETHING TRIED TO STEP ON ME" in a rather hysterical tone. Now, I was creeped out. But my Nanny calmly said, over the phone in a loud tone, "Leave them alone." and nothing else creepy happened. (that day at least.)  I have to admit, I was pretty spooked, even though I tried to explain it away as 'knocking pipes.' I laid down in the floor with my sister and we watched "The jewelry channel" to bore ourselves to sleep.  TL;DR I was home with my sick sister when something or someone started stomping around, couldn't explain it, my grandma told it to stop over the phone and it did.
Yeah! Then she'd get internet famous for being THE GREATEST HATER OF THEM ALL. :P No though seriously, that's a good idea.
Holy shit.
Ashley as a name can go either way. Ash from the Evil Dead is an Ashley.
I'm what I like to call a 'recovering emetophobic, haha. I got extremely sick and it helped to ....desensitize me, I guess, but before that, I hadn't thrown up in 7 years. I read somewhere that Emetophobics learn to bypass the specific breathing pattern that lets your body know 'it's time to throw up' which I think may have some truth to it, because now even when I /want/ to throw up I cant.
I hate it. I don't judge you for liking it but I hate it so, so very much. It makes me Hulk levels of angry.
YES. OH GOD. I had forgotten this one till now.
I have nothing against Hotel California. I don't know why she hates it. It's kind of what inspired me to post this, because I like seeing what weird things set people off. I also have a friend who hates the word "moist." In conclusion, quirks are neat and I just rambled a lot.
Nacho Crunch Grilled Stuft burritos. Holiday Spice Pepsi. My ex fiancee worked at the pepsi plant and we had cases and cases of the stuff. I should have appreciated it more.
Tom Cruise.
this makes me feel so much better.....
This is unrelated, but I've always wanted to thank you for giving me a safe place to work through my Feels after the Walking Dead on The Talking Dead. I once told a friend "it's Chris Hardwick's job to help us through the feels!" You're like a zombie guidance counselor, bless you.
FLAPJAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK!
Oculus. I'm still angry.
I have an alter-ego named "Kyle." Kyle is a smarmy, sarcastic, charming, manipulative, asshole, but the kind that everyone wants to have sex with.   I am a girl, and my name is definitely not "Kyle."
I do this sober. I never thought to do it drunk, but I bet a boiled egg makes a great drunk snack.
Raw is waaaay more fun to go to, and worth the money IMO. It's a very fun experience.
I do this to Korean food, which is already spicy by most standards. There's just something about crying involuntarily into your food that makes the dining experience great.
Twilight, Entourage, Most Facebook games, GLEE FUCKING GLEE
Being quarantined on the ship. I hate ports that do that.
That the police arrested you for ripping the tags off of mattresses, talking back, and a host of other normal kid offenses.
I still say that occasionally.
"Cool Beans." I am still embarrassed.
I ate so much treet as a kid.
[Bernie Sanders.](http://i.imgur.com/N09gd9Y.png)
Same. I loved it once upon a time and have fond memories of it, and now I feel grossed out by what it's become but I have a weird loyalty to it and it's like I'm trapped by it in a way. Oh, show. I wish they'd let you die.  It's so sad because they have unique ideas and characters that they never execute properly, or just kill off or write off in the most disappointing of ways. Things have such potential and then get wasted.
I'm willing to eat food off the floor, but not lick a butthole. The world is funny, right?
I feel awful, but when I got to the line -   "The worst image was a man covered in blood holding a huge grey goose bottle over his head like a gladiator as he beat one of the grooms with it. "  I laughed so hard I snorted because what I pictured wasn't a gladiator at all it was more like- https://38.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m2wkp897rY1rprxkro1_500.gif
A casual 'fuck you' from the state of Virginia.  Take that, Chicago!   *disclaimer this account does not endorse poop bombs
BARK BARK POW! Agent Dog has shot me straight through the heart. I am in love. Also, possibly dying.
I want a Gun Dog Series. Might I suggest some titles?  Agent Gun Dog- A Hero's Path. Agent Gun Dog- To Protect and Serve. Agent Gun Dog- Sentinel Against The Unknown.
The Dream.