Name recognition, good quality food, a bit more than McD but not restaurant prices.  Your little taqueria might be better, but I won't know a good one from a bad one just by looking at it.  With the chains, at least it's consistent every where you go.
While true, a head to head battle might lean toward Magneto.    Think about the guiding aspect.    Gandalf would know that he may face Magneto in some fashion in the future, as such, he could make it so that Magneto never existed in the first place by having the Nazi's kill him as a child before he even developed his powers.  Knowledge  powers
They are exploiting the fact that poor people want to help other poor people more than rich people.    So they say you can keep all this money free and clear or give a portion to this other poor family that might have it worse than you.  Then sit back and watch the drama with some clever editing
http://puu.sh/iUXE4/d1b06a1338.jpg doesn't look like it.   WHY WASN'T I NOTIFIED THAT THIS WAS HAPPENING!!
You aren't a majority shareholder, so you are only an expense that is negativity impacting their bottom line.  You are also a dime a dozen, so if you don't like it, they will find someone to replace you.  Going public is the worst thing a company can do.  As soon as that happens, it's all about how to make more today than you did 3 months ago so you keep the shareholders happy and your stock price goes up.  Employees and customers are a distant priority behind meeting sales expectations
No war on domestic soil
Here's why I'm guessing.  Nationally, traffic is going to be heavier in the afternoons no matter what.  Not everyone goes to work at the same time.  However, more people do things in the afternoons than mornings.  You errands that you have to do, the activities you want to do, etc.  So that adds more cars.  Now think of how I-5S is laid out.  We'll address it in 2 sections.  North of Northgate and South of Northgate.    South of Northgate you have 45th, 65th, 80th, Northgate streets are basically the only places you can get on I-5S if you want to go into the city.  Plus 522 feeds into I-5 in between 80th and 65th.  So these 5 spots serve all of NE Seattle, Lake City, Greenlake, Wallingford, UW, Northgate, etc.  So more people are going to travel to the city in the evening (sporting games, nightlife, etc) and I-5 before 45th is really the only option for those people to take to get across the water.  This means there is always more people getting on I-5 than getting off until after 45th.  So the 3 lanes possible fill up to capacity very fast, causing a chain slowdown from people merging from the on ramps.  This gets worse and worse on north.   Now think about all the people that live north of Northgate that are also going to the city (or coming home from Boeing in Everett and other places).  North of Northgate I-5 is 4 lanes + HOV lane.  At Northgate, the HOV ends and becomes I-5 Express, but that's only in the morning, so you are losing one lane.  Then the far right lane turns into an Exit Only lane, so you go from 5 to 3 lanes just south of Northgate.  So that bottleneck starts the backup from there on north.  Most days this is where the traffic really starts to crawl.  However like today, there was both a really big demand on both sections of I-5 and that's why it was slow for 10+ miles.  Remember, this happened with NO ADVERSE WEATHER OR ACCIDENTS!.  Add a wreck into that mix and you have a 2h commute from Everett to Seattle...at 3pm.  Thursday I was headed to the financial district from Lynnwood at 5pm.  My gps told me to exit i-5 at shoreline, cross over to greenwood, take greenwood to holman then holman turns into 15th and take that all the way down to elliot and take that into downtown.  It said it was 15 min faster.  I'd love to see, just as an experiment, to keep the I-5 express open southbound only all day.  Would it alleviate the SB traffic more than hinder the NB?  Like, would it cut 20 min of SB traffic, but only add 10 min to the NB?
There's even a little distortion on cash's version too. Not a whole lot, but you can tell it's there.
It's all about what you want in a car.  Are you looking for a proper drivers car?  Get an 08+ G37S coupe 6MT.  It's 333 hp, handles like a 370Z and has options for all the luxury items (nav, backup camera, etc).  If you want a more family frendly practical car, you can get the sedan.  It's based more on the Maxima than the Z, so it doesn't handle as well, but it has a much larger trunk, 4 doors and more room in the cabin.  Same features are available on it as the coupe.  If you live where it snows, then you can get the X models of either, the only major issue for me is there is no manual transmission available with the AWD models.  On the coupes, the X looks....off.  Something about it just doesn't seem to look as good as the RWD ones.  I can spot an X a mile away.
I went north to Lynnwood.  Brand new houses being built all over.  More shopping, more parking (free most of the time), all pretty close.  Down side is less trendy places (might be a good thing?), more commute times.  But it doesn't mean you can't go to Ballard, or Cap hill for a night out.  You won't do it as often, but it'll feel like a treat each time you do.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tw41sSRZ4mU this is my comparison from stock to the Stillen exhaust that I got.  After literally years of going over exhaust choices, I'm glad I got this one.
I took mine to a shop and they did [this](http://i.imgur.com/NU2dsRZ.jpg)  It still has the factory everything and the amp for this is under the spare panel on the opposite side of the sub.  This worked well because the optimum space for that 10" is .5 cu ft.  So they fiberglassed it to fit the little nook behind the wheel well arch which was just about that space.    It looks like it came from the factory and still have use of my trunk.  It sounds really good. Not over bearing.   Since you have the sedan, you have a lot more room to work with, but if you still want use of the trunk, this might be a good starting point.
I'm in the suburbs.  It's nice.  Store fronts have parking. Everything is pretty close to me.  Going to ballard or cap hill is "going out", so it's an adventure, not the norm.
Some seem to be just trying to hard to be different.  That or the original song I didn't like in the first place.  Me and my wife just hit play on their channel one night and it was getting to the point where we just had enough after like 45 min.  Some of their songs are good.  But the concept in general is only good in doses for me.
"learn to swim..."
Holy crap... The amount of people that think vandalism is OK and no big deal blows my mind.    Sure it's a few scratches in some man made thing, but it's the principle of the deal.  How disrespectful is it to visit somewhere, and then deface it?  Kids will be kids, but when they do it IN FRONT OF YOU, you should do your fucking job as a parent and teach them to respect property that isn't yours.    How is this a hard thing to grasp?
I had thought about that but there wasn't any really good documentation I could find on how project Fi works software wise.  The FAQ says   If you're not using your Nexus 6 and you've opted-in to use your number to talk and text on other devices, you can make calls over Wi-Fi using your number through Google Hangouts.  So this might be an issue people run into that want Project Fi but don't have a Nexus 6.  I have the app, but no invite, so I can't test it out to see what that app actually does and how it's different from Hangouts or the regular dialer.
Hey, Hillbilly...not now...not ever
Yeah, that's why I bought PCars for PC
Yup.  Under the main heading you could see the upvotes in orange, and downvotes in blue.  The sum would be the number we still have.  Remember reddit puts automatic downvotes on threads over time to allow new ones to come up.  So a thread that had 3000 net upvotes would show like 15000 upvotes and 12000 downvotes .  I'm sure in most cases there weren't actually that many real downvotes, just a small portion and the rest were added by the algorithm  EDIT:  Here's an example of what it was like http://i.imgur.com/7rcMyAO.jpg
http://m.liveleak.com/view?i=4a6_1369884683  Motocycles can hurt you
My wife was at amgen. It's a really nice spot for sure.  The funny thing is, she got into a program that teaches women to become a full stack web developer. Then they give internships to sponsoring companies, one of which is Expedia.  She could end up working in the same building again
I know Strokin' is a real song, but then again, "Let me smell yo' dick" is also a song so I'm not sure if you were joking or not.
In '99 had a '97 Eclipse turbo.  I had some mods in (275 whp) it and not too flashy, but it stood out.   That was the only time I ever had girls initiate conversations with me based on my car.  I found several notes on my car after I would leave work ask me to give them a call.  This was only after Fast and Furious was in theaters, so I had the same car that was at the beginning of the movie.
I know exactly what you are talking about. I don't think I have them anymore, but I'll look.  EDIT: [Someone animated that clip](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5EXqPriuHHI) ...AAAAAND [here's the donald one](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDaWs4v2U1A) NSFW on both obviously
LEGO Marvel killed mine :(
I'm right in the butter zone.   Couldn't keep my unlimited data, but I'm not on the ones that up your rate if you do a 2 year thing.  I COULD save $20 or so by going to an EDGE plan and then having the phone be $25/mo for 24 mo.  But it's cheaper to get it subsidized and keep the current plan.  There is just a new 2 year contract and a ETF if it's canceled. like I said, I'm not going anywhere, so why should I spend $600 when I can spend $250?
It's a safety thing.  If you know how to drive properly at speed, then you don't need VDC.  However, it's nice to have it on just in case you have a lapse of concentration.  I'll only turn it off on the track.  Otherwise, I let it be.  In snow and hills, these cars aren't that great even with snow tires.
Bought it from my chiropractor under his advice. It definitely helps. I'm not at home. I'll have to post it after the duck game
Hold a 10lb barbell directly over your head. Then keep your arm locked, and slowly lower it in 15 degree increments. See how much harder it is to keep it stable the closer you get to 90 degrees.  Now your shoulder is your neck, and the barbell is your head.   Your tendons will stretch over time under the added stress and the condition will get worse and worse.  I get a general ache in my upper back from to much phone time. I have a special "pillow" that helps me undo the damage it causes. I rest on it for 10 min a couple days a week to help counter it.
#McConnelling Private Eyes
Ps4 release date update   I just got an email from best buy where I pre ordered my ps4 that the new release date for it was 11/30/13.  I wonder if they have announced this yet