Underground and Alternative Magazines from the 70s and 80s That Capture NYCs Downtown Art World
No, it's not far from Houston, but it's very rural, and the populace isn't super friendly to outsiders or government representatives. Worked with a guy who grew up in Houston, but has a lot of family in Liberty County, he hated visiting them because they always treated him like he didn't belong around them. Also, a couple years ago there were some stories about three men who, in separate incidents, went missing in Liberty County with little to no evidence left behind.
Kind of like BuzzFeed, there's good articles there if you're willing to take the time to find them and read them.
Ayatollah Khamenei, Backing Iran Negotiators, Endorses Nuclear Deal
The first episode I ever caught on the radio was Episode 83, "One of Us," I was living in central Wisconsin and had just finished doing laundry. At the time, TAL was not on Wisconsin Public Radio, but a little public radio station in Rhinelander was playing it, the first show hooked me. The show has changed over the almost 20 years that I've listened to it, but I still make sure to catch every new episode and rarely is there one that doesn't entertain or inform me. I do find myself missing (nostalgic for) many of the early contributors like Vowell, Savage, Rakoff (RIP), Dishwasher Pete, Carrier, Sedaris, Rothbart, Kine, etc. .  . . I think in those earlier days, the show was winging it a bit more, was a bit more outsider (especially for NPR in the 90s), and, let's face it, it was shiny and new. I always love it when they repeat one of those early shows. The show has matured (so have I, I think), it is different from when I first heard it, but that, in my opinion, is neither a good thing nor a bad thing. I'll stop rambling.
I'm rather fascinated by the world of pro-am American football in other countries. I hope you get a chance to get out to the US-Japan championship game.  EDIT: [Here's an article from Ohio.com.](http://www.ohio.com/sports/thomas/international-federation-of-american-football-united-states-blasts-france-82-0-in-semifinal-will-face-japan-in-championship-game-1.608524)
For New York City, as well as many old US cities like Chicago, a period from sometime in the 1960s through the early 1990s could be referred to as an era of [Crime and Grime.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EdDUmvPK2OM) A very significant year for NYC was 1977 - The Bronx is Burning, Son of Sam, the July blackout, etc. In fact, there's a pretty cool documentary called [NY77: The Coolest Year in Hell](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHXAYddPLsM) that I highly recommend. It looks at the problems facing NYC, but also the music scene of punk rock, early rap, and disco.  Anyway, in 1994, Rudy Giuliani took over the mayor's office and installed Bill Bratton as Commissioner of the New York City Police Department, Bratton pushed the "broken windows" concept of policing, which had a heavy focus on punishing quality of life crimes. Trains were cleaned up, a lot of graffiti was cleaned up, more effort to pick up trash, and gentrification was encouraged. Times Square went from a place full of prostitutes, adult movie theaters, and drug dealers to a place with a giant Disney Store.  The NYC depicted in Mr. Robot is not nearly as clean as it is now, the streets are safer in the real NYC, and, Elliot would have trouble affording an apartment on his own, even in Chinatown. That being said, if you've ever watched Gotham on Fox, that really is a NYC stuck firmly in the crime and grime era.  EDIT: TL;DR: Mayor Giuliani really cleaned up NYC to the point that it is much cleaner, safer than as depicted in Mr. Robot.
Technip to lay off 6,000 workers
I've crushed on her since the 90s, not baffled by it, just can't help myself. I hope you've seen The Daytrippers, that is one of my most favorite Posey movies.
Supreme Court Blocks Texas from Enforcing Some Abortion-Clinic Restrictions
Channel Live feat. KRS-One - Mad Izm [Hip-Hop]
Paxton is basing his position on "religious objections" of the public employees, which has no merit whatsoever. Under his reasoning, the Clerk's office can say "We won't issue a marriage license to anyone who is not getting married in a Christian Church."
I'm not sure that you "need" to giver her away. Cats are super self-reliant, she's a kitten so she is going to be more active now, but as she gets older she'll chill out. Cats sleep for about 70% of their lives. As for bigger space, I can see an issue with a dog, but I know many people who live in small apartments that have not one, but two cats.
ALL - Skin Deep [Post-Modern Punk]
My go to place in Houston for bialys - had them for breakfast on Sunday. The only problem I've had there is I think I'm the only one who asks them to NOT toast my fresh bagels and bialys.
It's rained for the most part of the day here in Alief, most of it a nice light to moderate rain; however, it picked up significantly about 30 minutes ago and the wind has picked up too. Have heard a little thunder, but not much. Bill only came ashore between 11:00 a.m and noon, it's taken some time for its eastern feeder bands to catch up, but it seems like they have and will stick around overnight.
[I was looking through through these pictures from what's left of the Silverdome and noticed those brochures, thought others would get a kick out of seeing a bit of MLS history from 21 years ago.](http://dcist.com/2015/06/abandoned_states_the_silverdome_pon.php#photo-1)
I can honestly say this is the first police Hummer I've ever seen. Based on the posts over there, looks like it was confiscated. The only LEO in Houston I've seen with a decal saying it was confiscated was a really beat old Ford F150, I actually felt bad for the Constable who had to drive it.
The Beach Boys - God Only Knows [Rock] (From "Good Timin: Live At Knebworth")
I had moved away from Houston for a good chunk of the 1990s (college, law school, first job), and moved back in June of 2001. Prior to moving back, I had flown down to visit my parents and start arrangements for my move and the cover story in the Continental Airlines magazine was all about Enron and how great a future it would have. I remember thinking to myself, damn, I need to apply for a job there. Glad I didn't do that.
Actually, renouncing their citizenship might not change anything. ICWA states that it applies to any child deemed a member of tribe by the tribe at issue - judges cannot question a tribe's determination that the child is member.
I call myself a EuroTrash mutt. My ancestors came to the US from many places (so which are no longer the countries they were at the time) and over a period of time stretching from the 1600s to the early 1900s.
I know how it works, but I prefer to give money directly cause 1. They know best what food items they need, and 2. Money can be used to keep the lights on. I've worked in nonprofit before and know how hard it is to come by money that can be used for overhead, and if you cannot afford to take care of that, you won't be able to carry out your mission.
West U. and Bellaire are each municipalities with their own police departments. Also, The Villages in the Memorial area has a police department. All three will pull you over for the most minor infractions possible.
When I was in school, the only times we ever did any kind of field trip that involved swimming was going to the school district's indoor swimming pool. Never went to the beach on a field trip.
This sting has more to do with marketing related bribes and kickbacks involving CONCACAF officials and marketing companies, such as Traffic. Much of this seems to be connected to tv and radio rights for matches and tournaments, including the 2014 World Cup.  Since CONCACAF is headquartered in Miami, the US has jurisdiction. It is not uncommon for the law enforcement authorities of different countries to work together. The fact that the Swiss authorities were willing to assist the US indicates just how fed up they are with FIFA in general.  As to why now - my understanding is that certain statutes of limitations were on the verge of expiring.  FIFA doesn't like governmental interference into its secret lairs. I've seen speculation that if Blatter wanted, he could suspend all of CONCACAF and take away the World Cup slots. Not sure how accurate this is, and not sure that FIFA would want to grab the bull by the horns like that.  I think DOJ's endgame is to root out corruption in CONCACAF and hold the sleazy folks that have been in charge accountable for their misdeeds.  What happened today isn't about the 2018   2022 World Cup bidding processes; however, the Swiss government has launched its own criminal proceedings into those matters.
Condolences
In Arlingtons Old Guard, one soldiers personal connection to valor and tragedy
This isn't just a problem in the realm of truancy, it is a problem for a lot of low income people who get cited for various minor "quality of life" misdemeanors - loitering, public intoxication, being in a park after it has closed, etc. They get caught in a vicious circle of missing work due to arrest and court, already living paycheck to paycheck so can't pay fine, more court, maybe more jail, more work missed, there goes the job, etc. etc. etc. One of the big reasons that the federal judge shot down "stop and frisk" in the NYC public housing scenario was partly due to this happening to people who had no weapon and ended up getting summonses related to "quality of life" issues. The lead plaintiff in that case was arrested for trespassing at a public housing unit - he was waiting for his girlfriend who lived there and gave him permission to be there. The guy is a licensed security guard and the flimsy arrest, even without a conviction, could have seriously ruined his career.
NPR interviewed Jules Feiffer yesterday and he said the following:   "Well, I've had endless acts because I ran out of steam on one thing, because life happened on another thing, and I developed a resourcefulness ... where I would just look around for some other way to do what I wanted to do. If it happens too fast, you don't build these, what I used to call these "rejection deltoids," where you are so used to being hit in the face that you just get up again automatically. The kids who were successful in high school from the beginning didn't know how to do that. So they would take a couple of slaps and they'd go into their father's business."  We all need to learn to cope when life slaps us around.
[So, the guy smacking Don around with the telephone book is the actor who played WoJo in Barney Miller.](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0301178/?ref_=tt_cl_t2)
Oh.