This is Chessie and today is her first day at her new home
Pic of a bridge near my house at sunset
How I imagine America will react to the DeflateGate results
FRANK AND BEANS
I've never had a tinder myself but my buddy has shared a couple interesting stories with me. So back story, there's a college near where I live and this friend would come down on the weekend, find a girl on tinder that was from the college and go perform the deed with her. On one occasion he went over and started chilling with her friends in the dorm room and whatever, after awhile the friends left and him and the tinderella(stolen from another part of this thread) began hooking up. At the end of the performance, she wanted him to finish in her mouth, after he did, she looked him dead in the eyes and winked. He said he didn't know how to react and it was both awesome/awkward. Another story involved him going and picking up a tinder slut from the college and bringing her back to the spare bedroom that my friends and I had in the house we shared. Since he had brought her back after my other roommates were asleep they had no idea there was a girl in the spare bedroom. My roommate busts in the room at around 7am with them both butt naked and yells HEY BRIAN!!!!!" to see both Mr. Tinder and Ms. Tinder in all their nakedness. Made for some good stories before he found his SO.
We had somebody in college who would poop all over the common bathroom and the write The Poopster was here" in his own feces on the mirror. He disappeared for awhile until one night when we saw The return of the Poopster" written on the mirror. The Poopster was never apprehended.
Thanks OP! Got mine shipped for $60.82, I told myself that is buy these if they went down to the $50-$60 range, this should be my last S/S item I needed.
[Sunset Brown](http://www.orionleathercompany.com/32mm-sunset-brown-dress-work-or-casual-belt-p/32hsnstcfstdloopl3370govblk.htm)
I haven't actually worn either of these but I purchased the ninjasox just now based on this thread http://www.reddit.com/r/frugalmalefashion/comments/1d48s1/no_show_socksseriously/
Saw this in the store a couple months back
Googled pictures of beard styles and I found this....
Starting off the week right
First time watching The Lion King
Yea that's the point I've reached after biting it for the 30th time during breakfast this morning.
No, Maryland
Tried to get directions to my hotel that was 15 miles away, Google maps gave me this.
Blue Moon
Rio, our former foster, loved to cuddle
Exactly, you got it
Really? Whereabouts?
BTW, the place I got this is a little general store called St. Inigoes General Store and it was a huge surprise when I found out they served food this good.
Mozzarella
New restaurant close to work, chicken bistro sandwich on focaccia with prosciutto and pesto mayo
Rumors today were that apple is releasing a gold colored iPhone for the 5s
Saw this drawing while standing in line for ice cream
Normally just microwave them
We've been fostering this guy (Diego) for almost a month now until he can find a permanent home
It's going over the bridge on Atlantic
Duck Faces
Yea I've learned that now, being from the northeast I thought it was always sunny and nice there, learned my lesson on that trip
Yea I realized after I submitted it that messed it up but didn't feel like changing it, my bad
Happy Birthday Tard!