Susan isn't extremely weird, but by calling my mother Susan I'm referencing The Last Battle where it says something to the effect of "she (Susan) rushed as fast as she could to be a young adult, then tried to stick there as long as possible."  Just a reference to trying to remain young long past your years, and one my mom would never get ;)
The Doctor for sure.  Can't think of many people that I would want to see more.
Had an idiot do it for me like 3x. Ugh.
Be me  Discover Anime  Know nothing about it  Watch all of Death Note in 1 night.
It's not even a debate.  Code Geass was comparable at the beginning, but I never liked the art (just my opinion) and it quickly dissolved into fan service and "who can pull a bigger gun outta their ass"
Actually, Near guessed, acted stupid, got lucky with his guess (about 10x), got lucky with his stupidity, and then won.  We can argue all day over how legit Near's guesses were up till Episode 36/37, but then they're clearly BS.  Let's assume Near guessed everything up till this point. Let's not worry about how he did it, maybe he got lucky, maybe he had more info that we the viewer didn't see, but just assume he did.  Therefore, he knows Mikami is X-Kira, Light is L-Kira, Mikami has a notebook, Light likely has pieces of a notebook, and he knows that Light has guessed that he's found out about Mikami.  So he does his whole make-a-fake thing, plants it with Mikami, then breaks into the bank and makes another fake. Plan set.  But it's a stupid plan. Near STAKES HIS LIFE on the fact that Mikami would come back in after writing the names. Why would he do this??? Near knows that Light has figured out most of his plan. He HAS to know that there's extra pieces of the notebook scattered around. There is NO REASON for Near to assume that Mikami will even have the notebook with him. Mikami could easily look in, snap a picture with his phone, then take off.  What now? Are you telling me Near hadn't thought of this very obvious possibility?  Also, what if Mikami had just brought a gun and come in blazing? What if he brought backup? NO WAY COULD NEAR NOT THINK OF THIS.  tl;dr- Near's guesses are just lazy writing.
My N mother always asked me to explain myself, my reasoning, then yelled at me for arguing.  Eventually I just gave up, stated my opinion as obviously as I could, and when she questioned it I just repeated it word-for-word. No matter what she said.  It worked pretty well, I'm happy to say.
Can you blame them though?
"Human kind can not gain anything without first giving something in return. To obtain, something of equal value must be lost. That is Alchemy's first law of equivalent exchange."  -Alphonse Elric
Just messing with you ;)
There are many people who have gone through what you are going through, and having personally gone through a similar experience, I know it is NOT something anyone should have to go through alone.  There is always support. The key is you have to want help.
de los Remedios Cipriano de la Santsima Trinidad Ruiz y Picasso!  Back to you, Bob.
I'm not saying I'm Batman... Just that nobody's seen me and Batman in the same room together ;)
Kinky.
What... Dude, no offense but you might wanna talk to a psychologist about this...
/r/tifu awaits your story!
they'd flip and immediately go into lockdown  I feel like most people would. That being said, my mom didn't care either way but she's a total narcissist. If you ever wanna talk just pm me :)
/r/im14andthisisdeep
A lot of people are dicks, but know that not everyone is.  If you ever wanna talk, you can pm me :)
Even cis white males?
I would say chocolate but I hate it cuz it's so tempting and it makes me fat.
My name is Pablo Diego Jose Fransisco...
One of the few situations where I dont mind being trans. Gettin my insider information from my undercover years~~~
I could care less about all these word crimes.
My mother gifted my father a new vacuum, and a new smoke alarm. He gifted her a new set of golf clubs for himself later that year.  Im sitting here like wtf.  I was 8 or 9.
Tried to pretend I was straight and cis. Lel.
Clownfish. Changing gender to a different one than you were assigned at birth sucks.
Lets make a list of evil...  All their Laffy Taffy shall be yellow. Their audio when watching videos shall be .1seconds off. Mosquitoes shall bite them in awkward places. The shaving razor will cut them every time, no matter how careful the are. Nobody will talk to them at parties. Their shuffle shall always land on the same 10 songs. Telemarketers shall call every day. They will always get the 30 second ad on YouTube. AdBlock will not work for them. 500 ms of lag, no matter what.
I actually never use ctrl x. Dunno why, I'm a com sci major too... I use the other two though.
Use IE.
At my college you can easily talk the cops out of almost anything
I kissed myself and I liked it~