Is this the story which 60+ people have fainted while reading?
I hate when people do this with their sadness.
Safety First   Safety First   They call me the rubber and sawdust man.   Traveling place to place doing whatever it is I can:   fencing off bodies of water,   packing street holes with sand,   spend weeks of summer concreting uneven land.        I have fought them all,    every last one:   houses with asbestos walls,    schools that let kids burn in the sun,   dogs waiting to maul,    a cell phone in each pocket to report hit and runs   Safety is my call.   From peanuts to guns.     That day and all days after,   I have vowed to protect the children of the earth.   All children, all races, always,   from neighbourhood watch to restricted flag surf.   I have tried to make this world safe,   devoted life, to protect life's worth.   On the day of my first date with a beautiful nurse,    who worked in proofing birth,       I blunted the edges of my shoes,    avoided the kiss because of bacteria.   I now had an ally, though we were set to lose,    never to remove fat from cafeterias.   Together we battled those adventure cruises,    fought the thumbtack hysteria,   voted for the ban of stiletto shoes,    at the airport handed out pamphlets regarding malaria.       Together we fought the danger,   and love did grow.   When we intervened with drug takers,    she confessed her heart a seed to sow.   At an adult swim class, I told her I loved her.    She replied "I know."   We went to a secular, indoor wedding planner.   Picked spring to avoid heat and snow.       In a beautiful, bubble wrapped dress,   she walked down the aisle.   I opted for a life jacket with a double breast,    over suit and tie.   The flower girl, flowerless, deciding to avoid that mess,    just held the tail, as we were blessed.   And walked down that one third,    a half, a quarter mile.      Three days after our wedding communion,   she died in her sleep.   There was no preparation.    Just an aneurysm.   Just a canyon of spontaneous grief.       http://www.reddit.com/r/OCPoetry/comments/372jkx/the_burden_of_smiling/ http://www.reddit.com/r/OCPoetry/comments/372b8s/platitudes/
Thanks. I really screwed up the formatting. Might reupload and fix it. And you are right about that line. It's a bit awkward and wrong.
At least he understands that Jesus was anti-immigration  https://youtu.be/f0N4SQ4R5K4
The black jelly beans in packets of jelly beans are miniature lessons in natural selection.
Live music isn't always better.
Brutus, we're bros right?
Or 100 000 words less than Crime and Punishment.
What are the most influential books in human history? Fiction and Nonfiction.   Need perspective for a writing project. Any input is appreciated. Preferably books which structured our current society. Contemporary works would also be useful.  Edit 1:Thanks for all the responses. A lot of books I didn't consider.
[S5][E7] Regarding the scene with Gilly and Sam.
Regarding Sam and Gillies savior. (Spoilers Aired)
Its nice and truthful. It doesn't really leave too much of an impression though. I think if you wanted you could expand the concept, but its fine how it is. I like the tone, its almost written in the way of someone trying to hold back tears. It reminds me of something you would find on a napkin in bar.
[I Say I Say I Say] (http://www.poemhunter.com/poem/i-say-i-say-i-say/) by Simon Armitage. Just allowed me to laugh at my own self destructive past and recognise that its an oddly common thing.
http://imgur.com/6UFMFoq
I thought so too. Got down voted pretty quick. Its from Star Wars Tales 19.
[I Am The Messenger] (http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/19057.I_Am_the_Messenger) The character is a bit older, but its a very good book. The book is mostly about the development of a young man whose life at the beginning of the novel is rather stagnant and unfulfilling.
Fuck I want that! Well I guess robina is only an hour away from me. And it's only 2 weeks pay.
Then they get high, dance and have a DnM.
I would watch porn narrated by the voice from halo multiplayer.
Porn is like a bad nature documentary on our own species.
I wonder if this will lead to any confusing fetishes? Glass, blood, embarrassment, mom...
I think 14 is a good age to read that book. Its around those years which you begin to consider the depths of morality. I found the book enthralling and I still enjoy it. Though I read The Great Gatsby  at 18, and all though I found it to be well written, the themes and messages were things I had already considered through other media. Of course this shows the impact of the novel on society, I'm just saying that some of those novels written in a different time or place are more significant at younger ages.
Thank you for the time you invested in writing this post. I appreciate the advice very much.  I agree with you wholeheartedly! Especially concerning skepticism when it comes to the kindness of friends opinions. I do want to one day be a great writer. I think I just have to learn to stay on the self assessment side, because being a defeatist will get me nowhere.
"One bird said to Billy Pilgrim, 'Poo-tee-weet?'"
This has made my day.
I wish "Bad Motherfucker" was written on his lightsaber.
Pulp Fiction reference in Star Wars Tales
We may go to the same Uni, I saw him read at my Uni last year too. Though I imagine he does many readings.
Two years old, still very much a puppy.
Happy Birthday, 1951 by Vonnegut is an amazing short story, made me feel many emotions.
Wifi has been down for a few days