You don't know. Either Charles is dead and he's impersonating him or hes somehow Charles. People can look years younger than what they really are.
Freddy...Lucas...Photo
So spoiler...but look at this website...hmmmm
And you get cake, and he gets cake, and EVERYONE GETS CAKES
pll themed shower thought.
it may mean someone wanting to kill someone or kill themselves.
Link? and Pic?
no it's lucas.
thank you
They thought Wren was A.
woah so charlie pushed marion? woah nice!!!
http://www.bustle.com/articles/86785-is-lucas-charles-dilaurentis-on-pretty-little-liars-that-anagram-may-hold-the-answer-to-the  http://tremolux.tumblr.com/post/112758824180/uber-a-whats-in-a-name  Though i think the person meant big a not uber a
tell me about it. We shouldn't have to guess this hard!
I thought it was Wren then I said no because Marlene said we saw A in a black hoodie. I though Jason but then we never did see him in a black hoodie and he did look sincere when they revealed charles. I thought Ezra but then, he was there to rescue the girls. Toby was also unavailable because he was at the station. The only ones left are Lucas and Cece. They both were in black hoodies, they both had connections with Jason and they both were absent a lot but still in several episodes of pll
I don't think Wren is Charles if that were the case then. I don't really think someone could fake being a doctor and treat people all within the timespan of 2 years.
Illustrator Turns Peoples Deepest And Darkest Fears Into Comics
What if Alison saw her mom give Charles a yellow dress? And then her mom told her to forget him? That could tie in the real yellow dress and the metaphor.
yaaaaassssssssss
Cute dogs Confused at sound of music
Lucas is A. He was seen with a black hoodie, he has motive, he may have been adopted, he loves toy planes and cars. Yeah I think he's Charles
love it!
http://i.imgur.com/zjvox7f.jpg
GIVE ME THE results :D
You got the last part. You did it though. So it's your credit.
woah!!!!!!!!!!! you got it!!
I, I saw mom throw Aunt Marion from the rooftop, Charlie Worsens.  there, solved. :D
NICE
hahahaha
I haven't BASHED anyone. The cast, crew, and actors all brought the show to life too. Writers are just one part of it. And also, ratings have continually plummeted and writers have more say then you think. So regardless of what the network thinks fans want, less and less fans are watching, so something is going wrong with the formula.  Also if you look at series similar to this that have mysteries, they've handled the plot better and catered to a young audience. Look at Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Veronica Mars, just to name a few. The plot was not soooooooooo drawn out. You can have fillers, that's understandable, but have fillers that connect and progress the main plot. That's all we ask for. It just feels like the plot moves from one point, and then jumps to the end without any middle area to explain things. It feels disjointed.
*solidarity
I wuv you :*( and I miss my granma!!!!
EXACTLY and aww you're so awesome (Grandmas rule)