First of all, we are talking about the standard of proof.  Nobody claimed it was a civil trial.    Further:  Tom Brady and the Pats had every opportunity to put on a defense when they told their side of the story at the time of the investigation and again at the hearing.   They did challenge the evidence. Vehemently.   They could present any witnesses they would like, Wells would have LOVED to hear from them and so would Goodell.   Wells is not a prosecutor, he was an investigator. He had no agenda other than to figure out what happened. Goodell is not a prosecutor either, he works for the NFL. The Patriots are part of the NFL and Kraft helps pay his salary.   No lawyer worth his salt, if they were unbiased, would believe for one second that Brady was unaware that the balls were being deliberately underinflated.  Don't read the comments.  The ignorance is real.  I vomited in my mouth at "[Wells] had no agenda..."
We would get along this girl and I, except the meth part.
Cool it there breezy, I can't for the life of me understand autism.  Both the girls in the video seemed normal to me, can you help me empathize with what autism is?  Honestly Jenna looked to me to be a bit introverted.
Still remember Chick Hearn shoutin' "Nick the Quick!"
I communicated a lot with the Mods, and I can personally tell you that bunch was ill-fit to run a wild sub such as FPH, you can't get a bunch or narcissistic or power/control-hungry to manage a dynamic beast that was FPH.  Those mods were so full of themselves, all you had to do was press some of their buttons on the fallacies of their logic and you could see the sheer idiocy and incompetence that doomed that sub.  All it was was a game of plugging finger in ear and pretending they had a valid ounce of logic in regards to their rules.  It was fun to rib on fatties their, but again the mod's couldn't run a lemonade stand.
to the top sir
It's 2015, people listen to songs now, albums are pretty much irrelevant as a whole.  Artists are obligated to continue the album model when they're signed to aging record labels.  The way music works now is artists just release songs into the wild, sometime they work on an album, but that's due to contractual obligations and promotions; or just to string together a collection of good songs an artist managed to come up with in a short period of time.  Fairly dumb question for this day and age.
Maltese?
Wow that's crazy, the dark hair on hair made my boner for her even harder, as a blonde i find her closer to natalie's scale of attractiveness, which is only a few notches below dark-hair emilia.
I actually take very nice videos at festivals, OP probably records vertical.
I had just started watching the lakers, it was fun to see him play, but they never made it over the hump; too young to understand much.  Although something neat happened, I made a pretty stupid move trading away a michael jordan north carolina rookie card for some shiny nick van exel card...
my are you dense.
She works out, look at those muscles.
Git gud, these are just replay errors.
it's hard to play, but it's not impossible.
I expect Reddit to be there.
I've gone public.
asshole
Laker fan since 93, only new Laker fans think mitch knows what the fuck he's doing.  You have to really know the lakers organization way back to understand how much of a doofus he is, if you're some bandwagon fan, you probably don't know shit.
Well played, guy.  That was a good laugh.
Reporting this thread for being brigaded.
So which is the real confederate flag?  The one you linked?
This was from yesterday, borrowed from u/noodlenonger   m-muh skillcap  Can we stop this? It genuinely affects the skillcap of the item. Stop avoiding that fact. If you have arguments for why it should be changed then that's fine but don't act like it doesn't affect the skillcap and that anyone who mentions the skillcap should have their argument invalidated. Automatically attempting to invalidate people's legitimate points is exactly how you make yourself look like an idiot.  Srsly, whiners need to quit ruining everything for everyone else.
stfu.
Why the fuck is this getting downvoted.  Why do these casuals think this is a punishment/penalty when it's a reward for paying attention/effort.  If you're lazy and you don't give a crap it hardly affects you anyway, even if the opposing mate landed 90% of his blinks in optimal 1150+, it still wouldn't fucking matter.  What is the big deal about allowing there to be room for a bonus given you want to get that bonus blink distance.
So we didn't need comeback mechanics, go figure.
Oh Reddit, shit posting on sundays at maximum!
Once you go black, you never go back.
Why is this so?
holy fuck, so happening.
where to make buy?
Nothing, it's perfectly usable.  Source 2 gives DotA2 an updated UI design and engine, it's going to help my eyes and my crappy computer so much.  Wait a few months, League will be ported by some clever fucker over to DotA, so you can still enjoy League.  Design language moves forward with time though, and you gotta admit, the new Source 2 UI speaks to the new language in design.