http://www.theneighborssitcom.com/synopsis.html
Balls of STEEL
Skip They Do, The Double Dutch. That's Them Dancing (lots of EAF moments)
This gets posted here like every other day.... I usually don't scream out repost but I feel like this is probably the thing I've seen the most. I've literally seen this at least 10 times in the past year.
I fap because I'm a guy and I want to have sex 24/7. Not because I'm an insecure person who has gone through the some mental shit. Come on This isn't a drug addiction It's a physiological drive.   (Sorry for being a douche cause i know you spent a long ass time writing that, but I think you're maybe missing the point If you were super happy and stuff, maybe WITH a partner to have sex with all the time, you'd probably have the same drive. NoFap to me is about transmuting this intense sexual desire to creating a more amazing life.)
/r/EAF
:)
Holy shit. That's fuckin crazy.
Good.
FT: 3 Male Level 8 Espeons LF: The starters or something else cool..   [6] Looking for any of the starters except Fenniken and Squirtle. Or anything else tempting. No nicknames.
wtf
I really thought it was a leap to have the character actually go and kill the bullies... I mean, I don't know any school shooters but I feel they all must suffer from some sort of mental disorder to begin with.. Homicidal tendencies. I felt Matt was very warm and funny, and probably very like the actor/writer/director portraying him, so, I just didn't "feel" he was the kind of guy who would kill people who bully him. I felt he would go make a movie or do something silly. He seemed way too happy all the time to be a murderer... And he was likable to me as an audience member. when people were treating him like a weirdo nerd I thought it was a little rediculous. he wasn't weird enough for me. he seemed pretty cool actually. The only thing that sort of justified the killing for me was when he was reading about psychopaths and he read the description of them always "lying", and their entire being is just a mask, and even when the truth is easier to tell the psycho will choose to lie just for the sport of it. If he's reading about himself, his friendly personality is just hiding a deep seated blood lust that would have manifested whether it was a Dirty or somebody else... But that kind of goes against what the film was trying to do, say bullying causes [some] school shootings. I don't care how shitty the bullying he was recieving was (and really... It was bad but it wasn't crazy bad... I've seen worse), for him to kill the bullies made him a psychopath to me. He should have just toughed it out for what 1, maybe 2 more years? I had a problem with his nice guy movie lover persona just becoming a killer... I read the documentary crew being in his head which then just made me settle on him being crazy but my friends read it different. I don't think the filmmakers really knew after reading some interviews which I found very dissapointing because I think if you're going to tackle such a huge issue, you need a very powerful strategy, and in the end I'm just sitting here dissapointed after all the hype. Still a good movie, 7.5/10... OH, and the song choices were excellent, and the directing was great. Some really beautiful montages. I look forward to more from Matt Johnson.
Slam Dunk
Awesome Skateboard Trick
Awesome Goal
This looks so fun..
POV of Amazing Bike Trick
EAF Snowboarder
Epic as fuck. Not really WTF but have an upvote anyway.
Meh.
That's scary to me. The whole thing is sad.
I felt bad for her but now it seems she's growing some balls, which I hope makes her worth loving. I really felt she might say, in the most recent episode "I love you, Walt.", and I would have just died.
I was always disappointed that they didn't reveal who the marauders were, I always thought the twist reveals at the end of PoA were amazing, I couldn't believe how they left so many out of the film.   I also would have loved to see Dobby and Winky in Goblet of Fire, as well as the Sphynx.   I would have loved to have seen Wormtail have his hand choke himself to death.  Peeves.   I always wish they would have included Nearly Headless Nick's birthday in CoS.   And my biggest pet peeve with the movies is when Snape just shushes Harry before he goes up to kill him. In the book, Harry's under the invisibility cloak and is completely immobile, he would never have just let Snape shush him, he would have fought right away. Plus, it's so much more dramatic with Harry wanting to fight but not being able to... And when you find out it was Dumbledore's plan it just makes that moment so intense for me. One of my favorite moments in the books, devastating, but riveting. The movie's version was pretty lame compared to the book.
Wow. Love it.
It's got some nice cinematography, great comedic acting, a great script, nice music, good themes. It's quite a step above from your typical everyday comedies. As most of Judd Apatow's films are, but this one is still my favorite. I was also a big fan of This is the End. Including this with Pineapple Express and it's like a spiritual trilogy about best friends.
I'm gonna rewatch it later... Thanks. I think it was kind of like, hey, look, I have some power, but it isn't really accomplishing anything, and could make him look like a fool... But actually, I kind of like it...
I get that. I just don't see how SanCorp can afford to seize enough property to affect Tusk if they're not as powerful A, and B, if Tusk becomes VP, they're still going to own nuclear companies... The more I think about it I get it's in SanCorps interest to derail Tusk becoming VP, it's just, how. I guess buying some of his companies makes sense to make him make sure things dont go into a blind trust...
Come on man. Don't stress what could have been. What do they say about falling off the horse? You'll get there. Stop whining, start winning.
http://image.made-in-china.com/43f34j00sMLavVjtElqF/Aisi420-Stainless-Steel-Ball-SUS420-.jpg
This makes me cringe.
That was kind of amazing.
I don't find this that WTF... People get obsessive over artists all the times... MJ's music was actually amazing... This just seems like an uber fan collection... Just saying.