It doesn't look much like marzipan (though I guess it's possible), but it could easily be modeling chocolate.
Because humor.
I'm taking a wait-and-see attitude with VR. But, I think comparing this next wave of hardware to the early-90s stuff is a case of false equivalence. The tech is so much more advanced now, it seems silly to suggest it will fail for exactly the same reasons. If anything, the trajectory for VR in the 90s gives me some hope that these new platforms will be viable. Early VR was awful--it was ugly, clunky, uncomfortable/painful, and unimpressive. Even the people consuming it didn't really like it; they just wanted VR to be a thing so badly that they were willing to pretend it actually worked.  No one really enjoyed it, and yet it persevered for a number of years, and people kept trying to make it successful by pure force of will. Plunking quarters, dollars, whatever, into obnoxious gear that didn't actually work on any level.  Contrast that with today, where the new VR hardware is sleek, powerful, and evidently capable of actually producing a "virtual" experience. I haven't had an opportunity to try it yet, but I will accept Jeff's assertion that you have to try it to understand how well it works. And I would wager that the same passion for VR that propped up ridiculous hardware in the 90s still exists today. When that demand is met with a product that actually works as advertised, it could be a whole new ballgame.
Hmm. 'Brothers' and 'Limbo' were vaguely similar to Ico, not at all like SoC. And nowhere near as good as either, imo. I haven't heard of 'This War of Mine' or 'Toren,' but the remainder are not similar to Team Ico's previous games. At all.    Thanks for providing the list, though. It illustrates the lack of games competing in the same space. For my money, Team Ico has yet to be surpassed in the genre, much less "far" surpassed.
Likewise, people shouldn't dismiss things out of hand when they completely lack context about what they're seeing. Does the actual gameplay in this look incredible, at face value? No, not really. Is it really exciting and full of promise if you are familiar with the structure of previous games from this studio? Absolutely.  At the end of the day, it's an exploration/puzzle game, and short demos of gameplay in a puzzle game are rarely exciting (Portal is the only exception I can think of). As for the graphics, I was surprised how good it looks, having first read so many comments about "PS3-level visuals." It's crisp, running at a high frame-rate, and generally looks very solid. Considering development started on it 10 years ago and it's being adapted to the PS4, it's better than I expected. It looks sort of timeless and very atmospheric, like other games from the company, and that's more than enough to set it apart from the pack.
Nope.
The Doom that Came to Erik Chevalier
FTC tackles fraudulent Kickstarters for the first time
I'd be very sad if Tabletop Time got the boot.
All evidence to the contrary...
I would be very surprised.
Tastes vary, obviously, but I disagree. I'm not very concerned about whether the show outpaces the books (since it's such a different beast now), but the show is definitely the second-stage act for me. The showrunners have all the subtlety of a dirty brick, and I doubt they can bring this thing to a satisfying close without a detailed roadmap of how to get there. When they have completed books to reference, they make some nice choices (generally), but when they're forced to move the narrative along on their own they suffer.  They're fine with hitting the high notes, but they get lost and muddled for the remainder of the season. "Hardhome" made me more optimistic, but it doesn't fix the big misses for the rest of this season.
I was actually thinking this morning, before checking in on reddit, that whatever wording I used in this post yesterday was probably too harsh. I think saying it was an annoying/depressing episode is fine, because it fits the portions I listened to, but I regret calling Marcus horrid (even just as a guest). So you make a fair point.   No good editing the original post, but I should have described Marcus as a "disappointing" guest, or a "difficult" guest.
This is silly. Safe hollandaise sauce is easy.
Wow. Well, I played Rogue Legacy on PS4/Vita, so I essentially played for months... at home, at work, at lunch, in bed... whatever. Played and played. Fortunately, the timer on the PS4 version was bugged, so I really have no idea how long I actually played. :)
There's an element of truth to what you say--we should not support bad movies just because they are original. However, the author of this article also has a point: original films (particularly original *genre* films) do not generally fare very well at the box office, regardless of how good they might be. Edge of Tomorrow, from last year, is a recent example. Very good movie (some might say great), but severely underperformed. Meanwhile, mediocre sequels and remakes catering to the same audience raked in the dough.  As for Tomorrowland itself, I don't think the consensus is that it's a bad film. I haven't seen it, so I won't comment on its merits, but it seems to be pretty divisive. Some people love it, some people really, really don't. Usually, films like that are good, but controversial.
Maybe. I've always thought if you have to use '/s' you aren't doing sarcasm very well. But, my sarcasm skills are evidently suspect, anyway, so...
According to the IGN preview, it has its share of torture porn.
Heard of pasteurized eggs?
I imagine so, yeah.
You could be right. But, a) I think the difficulty of BB is way overblown; and b) I think difficulty is not the only factor behind people "not getting into" games. If we were to weigh all the different factors against one another, I bet the percentage of people who get minimal value out of blockbuster games would be about the same (for a variety of different reasons).  Also, c) there was a point in time when most games *did* kill you over and over. It's not that unusual.
You must be looking at old numbers. As of April 14th, it was reported as selling over a million units in less than two weeks.
SOTW: Divinity: Original Sin gets Enhanced Edition; Console-Bound!
Good point, that's true.
Probably. I think accounts are complete separate from one another (unless they are child accounts).
There are no gourmet cakes "designed just to look good." That would preclude the label "gourmet." There are competition cakes or cake dummies, of course, but those aren't gourmet cakes, and they aren't intended to be eaten.  So, if you're suggesting that supermarket cake is better than styrofoam and other things that aren't supposed to be eaten, I completely agree.  As for whether supermarket cakes are "intended to taste good," I question that assertion. Sure, they're packed with enough sugar and artificial flavorings to pass without objection in many circumstances, but the primary concern is creating an inexpensive product. Not a great-tasting cake.
Jeff is 100% right about Guitar Hero Live.
Force Unleashed included dismemberment by lightsaber.
As a big fan of Risk Legacy, I'm pretty certain this is going to be the best board game released this year, for our group. It's just so exciting to take a game you're already familiar with and introduce new unknowns and consequences.  I'm not the world's biggest Pandemic fan, but I like it. And that's a lot more than can be said for vanilla Risk.
Suggestion for TableTop Shout-Out   Jeff--I don't recall if you've ever mentioned Pandante on the show before (I don't think so), but I know you are a fan of David Sirlin's games. If you'd be willing to plug an ongoing Kickstarter campaign on the show, the new KS for Pandante could really use some love.
I'd say that's not very fair. They talk about games they dislike all the time. Including in this episode (The Last of Us, inexplicably). ;) Obviously, Jeff loves loving things, but they are both critical when it is warranted. You may just be misinterpreting their infectious glee about videogames, in general.  I highly value the integrity on display in this show, and I value both of their opinions. They put it all out there, and it's easy to get a feel for what they like and don't like (and I can adjust my expectations accordingly). Today, for example, I was really excited to listen to the podcast because I've been enjoying The Order, and the amount of hate being directed at the game by popular media has been disheartening. Whether Jeff and Christian liked it or not, I knew they would be fair and have interesting things to say about it. Their positive-but-balanced review was nice to hear, and I hope someone at Ready at Dawn listens to the show.
I think you're being disingenuous. He said he was worried the game would be praised all over and lead to a push for more cinematic games. That certainly sounds like he was gunning for it to fail ahead of time.  No one would accuse him of being "douchey" for saying that a bad game should get a bad review. Everyone agrees about that. He was worried about his "douchey," pre-emptive desire that the game fail.