Damn beat me to it.
Sounds like a damn problem/hostile family to me. With multiple complaints since 2005 they're lucky their asses weren't out on the street. Now with them being hostile who's to say that the dog wasn't set upon the officers? Also we're only getting one side of the story.  Yeah I know down vote city is coming because I'm not going along with the nationwide phenomenon of cop bashing.
Needs sauce.
Knew multiple people that knew Taylor, and when they put the word out about the car being found I rushed up. I'm the big guy they kept showing on 2. Anyway I hope they hang this fucker by the nuts and let us take him out the same way.
The question that everybody wants to know: Does she wipe her own ass?  Don't lie you were thinking it.
Congrats
May God have mercy on your soul.  Seriously though if you've been around here for even a day you'd know the meer mention of them is filled with much hate.
Oh nice. Thanks
Same here.
Don't mind it one bit. I was just wanting to know in case I wanted to get my hands on something without having to wait on it.
That's great. That's really great. Now don't be a stranger and have a nice day.
Not the worst idea I've read on this sub but a very close second. If you go ahead with this not only will you be ran over so quick that you won't even see it, they will back up and hit you again.
Damn man i'm sorry. Went through something like this before just not to this extinct. Had a buddy pass out in the kitchen, and nobody could wake him up for anything. Called paramedics and turns out he had a heart defect he told no one about. Was torn up the rest of that day.  It sucks I know but I say go out and honor him even if you guys weren't that close.
Yes, absolutely do it. Not only will you learn a lot it'll look damn good on your resume. Good Luck and mist importantly have fun.
Name?
Not to sound mean buy you either have no balls and letting the Chef walk all over you or you don't know any better and should find another line of work like was previously stated. I suggest that you stand up to the chef and believe me there's a chance of mad respect.  When I was still green under the collar in this industry I had a coworker be a dick towards me everyday, and one day the Chef himself pulled me aside and said don't let him walk all over you. Next day I grew the balls and got major respect from the Chef and the other guys.
When the memorial went up in flames he showed up to the scene with two pastor, and was booed when they got out of the car.
The part of this that makes me SMH is getting little kids involved in this.
MORTAL KOMBAAAAAT!!!!
What NOT to say when ALL IN!
Took the words from my mouth. Also gonna add MOAR!!!
Was a KM once at a Mom   Pop place because nobody else wanted the job or work for that matter so I know what you're going through.   What i wish somebody would have told me is to get a key to the place in order to let the delivery guys in. I lived right across the street from the place and would see them show up but couldn't do shit because I never could get ahold of the owner. Had many orders that we had to go next door to the quick shop and buy sodas because the Pepsi guy couldn't deliver.
Somebody get this man some coffee or a beer STAT!
I've had one of those girls in one of my kitchens. Takes the fun out of a dirty joke when you have to explain it.
Been having problems with them for the past month trying to get the bills on time as well as the rest of the mail. For 2 weeks straight nobody on my street got mail on Thursday. Just did an exchange and saw where my gift was sent USPS and tracked it like a hawk. Thankfully it came in one piece undamaged. Sucks that this happened but glad it was in one piece. I do have an 800 # for their customer service if you'd want it.
A couple of their girls have done this but none to this scale. Most famous of the bunch is Violet riding the gearshift of a parked car. A lot of people don't know that at one time Ryan Keely was a FTV model, and there's a clip of her masturbating and squirting on what looks to be a closed restaurant patio.
Did not even know that one. Haha nice
Well let's say BK does the industry standard of upcharging 30% of the food cost, and that 10-nuggets cost 4.99 30% of 4.99 = 1.49700 so they are just breaking even with no profit.
Topless huh? Yeeeeah ok. Hey OP you see that area below the tan line? Yeah that's where you came out. Sweet dreams!
Basically a box to hide something. Back in the day they used to have bootleg cars that had secret compartments to hold moonshine. That way if the cops were to stop ya they wouldn't find it. This box here though could have been in a house where if it was raided by the police nothing will be found.
Got one in my wallet right now. Had to ax over the app along with a copy of my culinary school idea. If you're not in school they require a business card.
Chef here too and the only thing I'd use that for is decoration.