I literally love you...
They actually both look like the type of movie I'm looking for, just in different ways.
Movie suggestions?   I'm looking for a movie to try to help me get through an existential crisis. Anyone have any good recommendations?
They teach you to code. [Their website](http://theironyard.com)
The Iron Yard?   What do you guys think about it?
A bunch of jocks at my school had learned from some kids how to do this. They then decided to use it on progress book and print it out to show their coaches because they had to have a certain GPA. Coaches now require you to show them via mobile device.
I guess I could just add it myself.
Can I get this in 1920x1080??
Yah that's a good point.
How likely is it that my kids would be autistic?
I'm not really interested in getting help because I would feel bad. I don't consider it a handicap or anything. I do recognize the issues but I feel like I live a relatively normal life compared to people that are worse off than me. On that note, if I could get scholarships because of it that would be so great.
17
How accurate would you guys say this test is?   http://archive.wired.com/wired/archive/9.12/aqtest.html
I never even considered the financial aid aspect. Thanks.
lol took me a minute to get that.
Life is getting to me man.   I was feeling a bit upset and depressed about everything in my life so I decided to see if there was a sub for this and turns out there is.  My whole life I have been a bit weird and antisocial. I never understood when people were joking or when they were being serious, as you can imagine this lead to MANY problems in middle school. I'm pretty sure I have aspergers but it's just so new that I don't really think there are any advantages to getting diagnosed. Plus I'm 16 and I feel like it's too late to do anything. I did see a therapist for a couple months for anxiety (late 2014/early 2015) but ultimately it did nothing for me and I dreaded going so I stopped. Relationships are out of the question because I can never tell if a girl is interested in me or not and I'm way to awkward to come out and ask her. There have been a few girls I got close to but there have also been way more girls that "got away" than I care to share. There is a girl I'm talking to right now that I used to talk to last year. I couldn't even tell you what she wants from us (relationship/friendship). Plus I can't hold conversations over skype/text. In real life it's better because I have ADD and so I notice a lot of things that we can talk about. I'm just worried that I will never find a girl that can deal with me.  I'm an incredibly smart guy but I've done absolutely nothing with my life. I feel like if I keep going on this antisocial track I will just end up living at home in my 30s working at a local electronics store. I just don't feel like I'm living anywhere near my potential. I feel like at the end of the day, it's not who you are, it's what you've done that matters.   I just don't know what to do with myself anymore. I have a history of depression (minus the thoughts of self harm). Lately I feel it coming back. I just want to drift off somewhere that I can feel safe , loved, happy, accomplished. I have these moments that I just feel so emotionally deprived. I of course avoid them by watching netflix/gaming. Should I even try to avoid them.  And of course my parents are no help. They have been completely unapproachable my whole life. I hate my dad and I couldn't even tell you why. Everyone time I am around him I get so tense and anxious. My mom annoys me to no end. Most kids have parents that teach them about life and help them when they need it. I never had that.  Thanks for those of you that got this far, feel free to comment.
What's that?
Yah, I'm thinking either Computer Science or Math.
Thanks. I kinda thought that before I posted this, I just wanted to make sure.
Not my point but thanks for the info, I didn't even know about COINTELPRO
Yah, I already have those scores.
Thanks for the info anyways. It sounds like a pretty great program.
Wow, that sounds pretty unbelievable.
This measurement is assuming the tiles are parallel to the floor...
The first rule of dual enrollment. Don't talk about dual enrollment.
I don't think so..... I just can't let go of her.
I already am.
She has a boyfriend.
Is this love?   There is this girl and every time I see her it feels like my heart is about to fly out of my chest. Is this love or just infatuation?
You tried so hard to be right. You're wrong though, dead wrong.
Good luck man, sounds like fun.
What should I do?   I'm 16 and about to enter my junior year. My area has a local community college that offers a dual enrollment program. I've already been accepted and had a plan that involved me finishing linear algebra before I graduate (just finished Calc 1 this year) and being done with physics. Then I realized I could get my AS in programming and now I have no idea what to do. Just to let you know, I don't care what is more transferable for when I go to a four year college.