Backstory: I'm in the funeral home for my grandfather's visitation. This nightmare fuel is hanging on the wall outside one of the rooms. This would be the funeral director, and the dog that he presumably uses to lure people to the well in his basement.
Our Little Molly
did you have to get beefier front springs to compensate for that bumper?
Yeah I was thinking give them till the end of the week. Given the wrap was $19.95 and shipping was $20 I'm just a little impatient.
Grandmother says this revolver was owned by her grandfather. It's a US Revolver Co. .38 S W 5-shot top break revolver with pearl-looking grips. It's not in immaculate condition but I'd love some more information if any revolver guys could help me out. I have the serial number as well but I'd rather not post that so publicly.
Not much personal experience with such major gunsmithing, but I'll offer this: if the accuracy of the T3 from the factory is even remotely satisfactory, just sell your rifle and buy another one in your chosen caliber. There's a lot of work and money that would go into changing calibers. Certainly more money than purchasing a T3, especially if you'd add the funds gained from selling your current rig. Do with that what you wish, just my $0.02
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DrUVMdkb4_k
Sometimes I feel like it isn't KSP if everything works like it's supposed to
First successful SSTO scanner spaceplane, stock parts. Fuel capacity alterations to come. Any suggestions? Similar builds?
What say you, fellow kerbinauts?
So down
God damn I guess you do lol
Core M-4 with a bushmaster varminter 20" fluted barrel I traded my m4 profile for, recycled A2 handguard and stainless railed gas block from an AR-10, green A2 stock and rifle buffer I traded a CTR for and a hogue grip a buddy wasn't using anymore. Cheapest ammo I can find. My folks were generous and got me the Monarch 3 binos for xmas. Gotta love college.
Anybody else building on that college budget?
Shrockworks. Addicted Offroad. CBI Offroad. Those are some of the bigger ones I've seen.
What a steal. All I can find around central Illinois is $3000 rustbuckets
You missed a spot. Something blue on the door.
I agree with you for sure, love that low end. I'd love to see that little turbodiesel they've got in Australia make its way into the U.S. But yeah the frame can be a problem. Took mine to the local stealership this year and they did a full inspection. Ended up getting a new undercoat on toyota's dime.
Big Toyotas need love too
Yeah reach out to the national baja SAE folks and maybe some of the advisors/instructors in mechanical and civil engineering if your school offers those specialties. Or even contact some other schools and ask how they got theirs started.
looks sharp, clean as hell. just need a nice bumper for it
makes me wanna get my CMP on
I've got a '91 z28 convertible, 5.0 auto, red ext. red int. May not be everyone's cup of tea but damned if I don't love the ol gal. I always remember it as the first "cool" car I got to drive. Beautiful vehicle you've got there, brother.
Yeah see this is what I've been seeing around. I'm not one to shy away from mechanical work and I think a naked goldwing can look nice and prolly shave a bit of weight
Not sure what the handguard in the brownells ad is, but rainier arms makes a similar looking model called the evolution, its a samson product rebranded I believe. To answer your second question, the barrel length doesn't have as much to do with the handguard as you might think, so long as you're using a low profile gas block. If you're using a railed block or one with an integrated front sight post it's best to match your handguard length to the length of your gas tube. These are typically pistol, carbine, mid, rifle and extended. For example, a standard m4 type 16" barrel will most frequently have a carbine length gas system, which would require a handguard in the neighborhood of 7" (from the front face of the upper receiver to the gas block shoulder). This link may help you out some if my explanation was unclear:  http://blog.cheaperthandirt.com/ar-15-gas-system-identification-guide/
because I myself am not in my mid 70's...
just the mun, gotta figure out how to get ol' johnsby home now...
Busted off legs and engines but I finally made it damnit
check out that ASStronaut
Old labs are more handsome
Shot placement. Shot placement. Shot placement.
Simply too nice a day...