Six Bean Salad with Basil and Feta
nice, had me right until the end!
Make-ahead Power Breakfast
http://www.nadineday.com/goat-cheese-and-thyme-skillet-cornbread/  enjoy!
Chevre Cornbread with a side of Food Photography
Smoked Bacon with a side of Food Photography
none whatsoever, although he is much likelier to be unhappy if it's an expensive car...
I accidentally rear ended a mercedes with a midget driver...   he got out, looked at the damage and yelled "I am not happy!". I replied "fine, which one are you then?"
there's a gang of pickpockets targeting midgets in my town...   honestly, how could they stoop so low
awesome!
relevant? http://www.cnn.com/2015/05/31/us/fatal-cattle-goring-on-farm/index.html
what strength, amazing...
brilliant, very well done!
third inning, worst park ever...
ya, they renamed again it in february, but you're right, rangers ballpark sounds better
cheers man, I will do just that
given travel, hotel, ticket, food, beer etc... I would estimate it costs me about that much ($800) per park. Getting to visit all the parks though, priceless...
well, the three best beers were goose island at target field, leinenkrugel in milwaukee and it was 103 in texas, so while I don't remember what I drank, it was pretty damn tasty at the time!
early next year for sure, dodger stadium is certainly one I'm looking forward to seeing, cheers
honestly, more about being there than the beer itself, haven't had a bad beer yet (although miller comes verrrry close). I teach university so I have the time and my wife is onboard with the idea though she rarely travels with me
yep, that's how they roll
perfect, heading there next wednesday, I'll take you up on that advice, cheers!
will go back, have to do the other west coast teams, so i will definitely get a better pic, cheers!
A beer in every park. 23 down, 7 to go
planning on doing beef and cheddar next, cheers man, thanks!
this was a natural hog casing, I bought a small tub if it from a local butcher, comes packed in salt, all I had to do was soak it for about 15 minutes and then run water through it, it's very resilient!
very nice actually, big difference was texture and how much better it was to store bought sausage
first crack at sausage making, red wine   herb
chevre cheesecake ~ cassis panna cotta
whoa