Federal Appeals Court in New York to Clarify When Seizures of Computers are Unconstitutional
Menendez lawyers accuse Justice Department of misconduct
Jersey City Bomb Squad Closes Off Christopher Columbus Dr. Between Marin and Warren
Question in Boston Bombing Trial: For Tsarnaev to Testify or Not
I have never practiced in Missouri so I can't speak to everything that happened in that case. But I do have the added benefit of being able to review [the minutes and evidence](http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2014/11/25/us/evidence-released-in-michael-brown-case.html) because it was released publicly. From the minutes and evidence I think the Grand Jury in Darren Wilson's case made the wrong decision but it was not as clear cut as the case here appears to be. There were conflicting eye witness testimony and forensic reports. Here, there is a pretty clear cut video of the incident.  The problem I have with the Darren Wilson case is that he was given special treatment. I do not know Missouri law on whether a defendant can testify in front of the Grand Jury so I'll refrain from commenting on that aspect. The prosecution treated him with kid gloves which normally does not happen. They did not really challenge his story or ask for significant clarification about his description of events that seemed unlikely or contradicted witness testimony. Other defendants would never be so lucky. The prosecution conducted a mini trial in the Grand Jury by presenting pro-defense evidence, witnesses, and theories. As a criminal defense attorney I fully support doing so and it is something we always complain about prosecutors not doing. The problem arises here because they never do that for any other defendants. I also highly doubt that any other non-cop, non-politician defendant that comes after Officer Wilson will be given the same treatment. The prosecution knew exactly what they were doing. They gave Darren Wilson special treatment.
Sure Tips for Shirts (NY Times, 1988)
Inmate e-mails to lawyers must be protected by attorney-client privilege
Do you promise?
The point I was making was that if the police lied about the child being injured (which is still not settled) then I have no reason to believe they were telling the truth about hearing screams. It is also not clear if the 911 call was for that apartment. From the defense attorney's comments it appears the defense's claim is that the police went to the wrong apartment, dragged the woman out without reason or cause, and then created their story later to cover up their mistakes. As of now we do not have enough facts to determine the truth.  I'm well aware how often these issues come up. I practice criminal law.
Police refuse to execute warrant for photos of youths erection in sexting case
Ex-Brooklyn Prosecutor Charles J. Hynes Accused of Misuse of Funds (X-Post from /r/politics)
Book Guiding Border Agents on Force Is Released
This lawmaker thinks you should know about icky smartphone snooping
Judge says prosecutors should follow the law. Prosecutors revolt.
Undercover cop and 10 others indicted in biker mob attack
You're welcome. As a public defender maybe this [site](http://whatthepublicdefender.tumblr.com/) will cheer you up if you have not already seen it.
Longtime Chief Spokesman of Police Department Will Step Down
I will try to clear up a lot of confusion that is present here. The article is misleading. First, the charges will be the same but until now for a misdemeanor marijuana arrest the police had the option of either holding someone until they saw a judge (sometimes that may take until the next day or two) or issuing him/her a Desk Appearance Ticket (DAT). A DAT gives you a court date that you will have to appear in the future (usually a month away) but allows you to walk out of the precinct as soon as the police are done processing you. Until now, depending on the cop, your record, and other factors you may have ended up being held or being issued a DAT. The NYPD actually fills out a form (like everything else) showing how they determined why or why not a person deserved a DAT. It is a useless form for the most part because it was still mostly subjective.   Now, the new policy will be that any one charged with misdemeanor marijuana possession and only misdemeanor or violation marijuana possession and has no outstanding warrants they will received a DAT. You still face the same criminal charges and the same possible jail time, probation, etc. if you plead guilty or are convicted at trial. The Governor, apparently now backed by Bloomberg, is trying to have the current misdemeanor charge for marijuana changed to a violation but he has so far failed to get it past the legislature. The big difference that is not mentioned in the article is the issue of bail. As long as you show up on the correct date it is incredibly rare a judge sets bail on a DAT whereas a regular arraignment may end with bail being set depending on many factors. Being stuck in jail because a person cannot make bail is more likely to lead to that person taking a guilty plea to get released rather than fight the case. Feel free to ask me any questions. I will do my best to answer.
I do think it is a little funny that you mention the monetary interest because I am a public defender at the moment in a jurisdiction that pays me a salary, not based on the number of cases I have. In other words it is not in my interest to have more cases or more clients. Not all advice from attorneys comes from their interest in being paid. Unfortunately, there are many attorneys whose advice is based upon how much money they can make. It is something that sickens me.  Obviously, I do not know where you were an officer but unfortunately my experience has not been the same as yours. I wish what you said about officer discretion working in the public's favor most of the time was true in my jurisdiction. I do not think it is.
While I do understand where you are coming from I stand by my original advice. Having those charges dropped or reduced could just as easily have occurred after you receive an attorney without any chance of incriminating yourself even unknowingly. If a person is innocent then having an attorney can go a long way to showing that. The risk of saying the wrong thing even if you did not do it is too high. Like you said there are innocent people who are convicted of crimes based on speaking with the police.
Based on your profession or job, what is the one piece of advice you think the public should know?   What is your job? Choose one piece of advice based on it. Why is that advice important?
People like this always amaze me. He was pro-police and took pictures of them doing things to other people with no problem but now that it effects him he sees the truth.
Race came into play because the all white (or almost all white) privileged lacrosse team was accused of raping a poor black woman and calling her racial slurs. The DA used this to stir up racial tension in order to win the black community's vote to get reelected. He was later disbarred as a direct result of how he handled this case. Race played a major part in the case.  I personally do not think the ad went far enough to be considered defamatory under the law but it is not exactly as clear cut as you portray it. This line in particular sticks out to me: "These students are shouting and whispering about what happened to this young woman and to themselves." It clearly implies that something bad happened to her and less specifically indicating the crime committed against her. Some people were actually accused of this so to say that it happened is to say that the charges are against them are at least partially true. We now know beyond a reasonable doubt that the accusations were a complete fabrication.  The ad was also a timing issue. These professors chose to exploit this situation as if it absolutely happened. And some of them were also proven to have made statements and taken actions well beyond the ad which led many to believe that reading the ad in the most negative light was appropriate. For example, one of the professors failing two of the lacrosse students without good [cause](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Group_of_88#Duke_students_and_faculty).   To say that this was not related to the lacrosse players and the rape charges is to ignore the context this ad appeared in. While again I do not think it rises to the level of defamation I absolutely believed this was aimed at the lacrosse players and ignored innocent until proven guilty. There was an assumption that the woman's story was true and it clearly was not.
["Did it ever occur to you it could be turned off and drip at the same time?"](http://www.cornel1801.com/video/Cousin-Vinny/lovevideo.html)
I am a criminal defense attorney. I can't even explain how infuriating it is when I get a young client because of some minor infraction that occurred in school. Often times the school safety agent acts as a judge, jury, and executioner and roughs up my client before placing him/her (mostly minority boys) under arrest. The thing this article leaves out though is the staggering number of parents who use the criminal justice system to discipline their children. There seems to be an increasing number of parents that call the police on their children for such minor things as fighting with their siblings, getting caught smoking marijuana, breaking something out of anger, etc. I acknowledge the fact that there are situations where it is necessary to get police involved even with children but the standard for that has lowered. A growing number of parents do not want to raise their children; they want someone else to do it for them. They choose the police, judges, etc. to effect discipline but are completely unaware or unsympathetic to the horrors their children face. Prison can be a scarring experience, even being stuck in jail for one night can do serious damage. Let's not forget missing school, becoming a social pariah, and getting criminal records. The list is endless. Don't blame TV, video games, etc. when your kids no longer trust you and do everything they can to avoid home.
A Texas Prosecutor Faces Justice
The article is a little confusing because it does not appear he was fighting for his right to be tried as the article claims because he is no longer being held and no charges were ever brought against him. He won the ability for his lawsuit against the government to go forward. When you sue someone you always have to demonstrate standing and damages. That being said it is terrible what the government did to him and I hope he wins.
Well played sir. lol
There isn't a plaintiff in any criminal case.
Las Vegas?
I'm not sure if you are joking but I don't think that's her in the picture. It looks like a mannequin.
Graffiti Artist Bombs The Brooklyn Bridge (Promptly Gets Buffed)