I'm more or less just summarizing what was on the front page of reddit in the aftermath of the FPH ban. I'm not stating whether the reasoning was sound or not, but rather WHY people felt that way. I mentioned /r/coontown because that was one of the frequently debated subs since many people consider it to be harassing, even though it didn't technically break any of Reddit's rules.
Update on any photos?
Do this:  1. go to https://myservice.surface.com/  2. Honestly answer the questions, or click on the talk to agent link.  3. They should be able to offer you a replacement for ~$320  OR  Go into a Microsoft Store, if there is one near you. They might be able to do it in store for you.
So what your saying is, if you do it wrong, it wont work?  Sounds about right. :P
Couple things to try...   1. Run all your updates, including the optional ones as they frequently include driver updates.  2. You can download the SP3 driver pack from [here.](http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=38826) Download the latest available version an install them.  3. You can try a "Refresh". This essentially removes all programs and re-installs the OS, but leaves all your settings and personal files. If you're willing to swap the device anyway's, this could be an easier solution. To do a Refresh, simply start typing the word "refresh" on the Start Screen and choose the appropriate option on the right hand column. Alternately, you can go to Charms Bar  Settings  More PC settings  Update and Recovery  Refresh.  Seeing as the unit actually works when you re-enable the driver, it seems like a software issue rather than a hardware issue and could be fixed at home. Let me know how that goes!
The original Surface DID come bundled with a keyboard, but that ran into some issues. One problem is too many packages for retailers to easily carry. There are 5 different flavors of the Surface Pro 3 and 5 different keyboard colors. That means each retailer would have to carry 25 SKU's instead of 10.   Also, people like choice. I work for Microsoft (disclaimer: all opinions are my own and do not represent Microsoft's stance) and there are many people perfectly content using it without a keyboard as they prefer the pen. It's not like they would have just given the keyboard for free, the whole "package" would have been more expensive anyways, this method just allows users to customize the device to their needs rather than forcing you to purchase items you may not otherwise use.
I believe they expired yesterday :/
I completely agree with you?! I was referring to /u/GoPlayTagPro who was inferring that the keyboards weren't that expensive at $125.  I have a Ducky Shine and I used to have a Model M I picked up at an estate sale. There's no way in hell I'd pay for a Datamancer as you're primarily paying for aesthetics, not performance. Also, LONG LIVE THE TENKEYS!
Unfortunately, I think its probably a loss. If it was a core component, those are all soldered to the motherboard, and it wouldn't be cost effective to replace. If it's just the screen, the laptop should still power up like it normally would.  Important questions... Where did you buy it and how long ago?  That would NOT be covered under the manufacturers warranty, BUT you may be able to get away with it since its not obvious how it happened. If you wanna be super shady, you could say that you went to use Skype or something and as soon as your camera turned on *POP*. As someone that used to make warranty decisions, that would seem somewhat feasible to me, although seeing it in person may be different.
I currently use a [Microsoft multimedia keyboard](http://www.microsoftstore.com/store/msusa/en_US/pdp/Microsoft-All-in-One-Media-Keyboard/productID.298318400) and/or a mobile mouse app on my phone. I have a Surface RT I was thinking of downloading the Plex app, which essentially acts as a remote, either that or XBMC.  When you say built-in   simplified controller, did you have something specific in mind?  Thanks for the response!
Thanks!
I use Insteon home automation products which you can completely control from your phone, tablet, computer, etc.  I replaced most of the light switches in my house with the 521 flush-mounted in the wall with the Insteon app always up. That way I can turn the light on/off/dim like a normal light switch, or control any other connected device (cameras, garage door, other lights, etc)  To answer your question, they are very easy to setup yourself!
Yep! This was resolved when it went from Windows Phone 8 to 8.1. It Drove me crazy too! You can download the Preview for Developers to get 8.1 if your phone isnt normally eligible.
Buy a Haynes manual from an auto parts store. For less than $30, this manual (which is specific to your car) will tell you how to do basic maintenance all the way to in-depth engine teardown and trouble-shooting. All the tools you'll need can be picked up at Harbor Freight for much cheaper than an auto parts or home improvement store. 3 Ton jacks and an auto toolkit (sockets, wrenches, etc) will put you back less than $100 and will enable you to do almost all your car maintenance yourself.  As OP said, if you don't feel comfortable doing it, seek a professional. Having your car half torn apart and realizing you don't know what you're doing put you in an awkward position to get your car to the mechanic.
What was your reason for not using the recovery partition on your laptop?   Depending on how you formatted/partitioned, you may be able to still use the factory recovery image. If you are trying to go from 8/8.1 to 8.1 Pro, you can type in "add features" on the Start screen and then follow the prompts to enter your 8.1 Pro key. It will upgrade without requiring a full re-install.  What brand is your laptop? Most laptop brands have different tricks to get into their recovery console.
It's hard to tell exactly what needs adhering from the pictures, but have you tried double sided tape? There are industrial adhesive mounting tape and automotive tape that is incredible strong. Additionally, you could always try epoxy, but you wont ever get it off again.  Good luck!
Saw them last night. They were good and chilled in the crowd for the rest of the acts.   Whoever was manning the audio board however was a total idiot. WAY too loud, woofers were distorting, and you could barely appreciate the music. I get that certain genres beg to be blasted, but this is not one of them.
"The tank is back from the days when i was breeding... its a baby milk bottle tank" Is he talking about himself?! HAHAHAHA
This would be super fantastic :) Yes please!
1. Go to programs and features in control panel, sort by date installed, and remove anything suspicious. Many times its listed as Conduit.  2. Open your browsers, and go to you addons/extensions and remove them. Next, change your default search provider to Google or Bing and remove the bad ones. Lastly, change your homepage to something reputable.  3. Download and run Malwarebytes (quick scan) and ADW Cleaner.   4. Install Adblock Plus on all browsers.  This is very abbreviated and can depend on what OS, browsers, and severity of infection. Feel free to PM me, I would be happy to give more detailed advice!
No problem! Hope they love it!
Man makes straight razor from start to finish and then shaves. (x-post from r/asmr)
Yes, this is true, but you clearly know how to use the internet. The majority of people out there are clueless when it comes to new technology and need to go into a store to actually be able to talk to someone about what they need. That extra service (and the convenience of having it right there) will cost you extra sometimes.   Also,Best Buy price matches Amazon, Newegg, tigerdirect, etc... and a lot of other big box stores do similar price matching
You have two refrigerators?!
This kid has some balls...
Investopedia.xom
This is true. Unfortunately there aren't any real engineering firms in my area and I definitely don't want to work here. I was going to interview one of my civ professors who used to be a practicing engineer, but thought a current engineer would give more prevalent answers.
I too need an apartment near SU
WOW
ohhh... okay then :)
touche.
One of the best new shows out there