Daily Report: IBM Revenue Falls, Highlighting Challenges as It Shifts Course
NASA Views Complex World: New Horizons Pluto Science Update Set for July 24
Five Steps to Secure Personal Data After a Breach
From Satellite Swarms to Interstellar Submarines, NASA Selects Leading-Edge Technology Concepts for Continued Study
NASA Solicits Proposals for Use of Kennedy Space Centers Vehicle Assembly Building High Bay 2
NASA Hosts Media for Update on Asteroid Grand Challenge, Robotics Tour
Kevin Rose Moves On From Silicon Valley to Watches
EBay and PayPal Revise Their User Agreements, and Hit a Nerve
Daily Report: Apple Unveils Music Service and Software Upgrades
As Facebook Sweeps Across Europe, Regulators Gird for Battle
Uber Lures Top Google Executive and Shifts David Plouffes Duties
Twitter Earnings, Released Early, Disappoint Investors; Shares Plunge
[This?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uD90_rqxaIg)
I have this question as well, given that I am planning on majoring in this field. I feel as if there is still a surplus because of the countless start-ups and new positions created at large companies. I've never heard of any shortage but then again, I don't have much experience in the field.
First Lawsuits Filed Against the F.C.C.s Net Neutrality Rules
Take Google to Court, Staff Report Urged F.T.C.
Congress Scrutinizes F.C.C. Following Release of New Internet Rules
What are some good CS schools for me?   I am a High School student looking into a CS career.  I have a strong interest in CS, namely Machine Learning, AI, Genetic Algorithms, Robotics, and such.  Regardless of prestige and difficulty, what are some good schools for fields such as these with good opportunities for a major in CS?  I've seen many lists, but they have many different schools ranked inconsistently and I'm aware of the obvious schools such as CMU and Berkeley, which I am interested in, but what are some others?
World: Relief Teams Reach Vanuatus Cyclone-Hit Outer Islands
World: Ex-ISIS Hostage Says Jihadi John Played Lead Role in Mock Executions
Video Feature: Pointing the Way to Good Reads, Videos and Music
Daily Report: Using the Apple Watch
World: U.S. Concerned by Irans Growing Role in Fight Against ISIS
World: The Mystery of MH 370 Haunts Families and Baffles Experts One Year On
World: Know Right Now: U.S. Ambassador Attacked in South Korea
World: Boris Nemtsov and Russias Breaking Point
World: How Pope Franciss Vatican Got Its Political Swagger Back
World: Israel is Left Divided By Netanyahu Address to Congress
That is really cool! I don't know of any others.
[Another great resource for this learning method](https://www.hackerrank.com/)
I agree. This is a great slogan. It is time that Google starts to market this OS so it is not always dominated by Apple in the mainstream. Maybe then will people stop referring to Android as a single OEM or phone line.
Just a few:  - Flashlight toggle in swipe down settings - Integrated screen capture and record (not the Kit Kat ADB integration) - Integrate Google Now cards into notification panel - Icon pack support - Customizeable hold and swipe app shortcuts (Tap and hold on the home button and swipe up)