Is the PS4 region-locked?
I cringe at the appalling grammar and spelling, am amused by the obvious obliviousness of this guy (see what I did there!), and I applaud your parting shot.
I know it isn't specifically a Korean issue, but they have trouble with English as it is, and I didn't want to confront them without knowing if just coming out and saying it would be ruder than saying it in a certain way (IDK).  I agree - the food labelling is just because we're already riled about the other stuff; as I said, the only reason that it feels really insulting at all is because they seemed to have suddenly decided to do it, we've lived for six weeks together without it being a problem *shrugs*.  We only do our washing once a week, in one big load, whereas they wash a small amount every single day - once again they've changed their behavior. The first couple of weeks, on the one day that we washed our stuff and used the clothes line and rack, they'd hang their small load from the bunk bed in their room and/or the dining room chairs - but now they just move our wet stuff into a pile. It boils down to the same as the music - the lack of consideration.  Thanks for the feedback both of you- I'll see if I can explain to them how it is from our point of view.
Personally like the comment box's suggestion "Write them a lovely message..." It's almost like it knows and has its own idiot-related sarcasm!
Oils and Brushes queries   Hey guys, I'm 25 and only just started to grow my beard and moustache out for the first time (properly).  The longest I've had it is a months growth, today sees it reach two months. My girlfriend trims it every two weeks for me, snipping the straggly hairs and split ends to keep it even, so I'm covered there, and I condition it every time I shower (5/6 times a week).  First question; I've read about JoJoba, Argan and Almond oils- do these have to be specifically labelled as for beard use, or can you buy some "normal" almond oil (for example, say from the cooking oils or health foods sections) and apply a few drops of that?  Second question- what type of brush would be a good substitute for the high-end brushes I've read about? We're backpacking so money's quite tight.  We live in Australia at the moment, for shop references we have Target, Woolworths, IGA and Big W in our town.  Will try and update/edit this soon with a picture, maybe even a before/after double. Thanks in advance for any advice and help!
Thanks, good to know!
[Discussion/Question/Help] Without modern technology, would there be a way to make two horses attached to a cart keep walking/travelling without anyone at the reins/riding on it?   Like would there be a way to keep a whip cracking at them or something? My characters need to set the horses and cart to go on along the road without them in, and ideally the horses need to keep going for as long as possible. Is there a non-modern mechanism that would do this?
Personally don't want to smell another person's pee, and definitely don't want to risk splashing myself with it after it's sat there for who knows how long.
Guys- give her body the time of day.  You like her curves? Stroke/tickle/lick them. You like her neck? Nibble it. You like any other part of her that isn't her sexual organs? Pay attention to it!  Spend the time appreciating her body in its entirety, and you'll be rewarded a lot better than when you dive straight in (pun semi-intended (and that one)).  The number of guy friends I have (I'm also a guy) that have told me they go straight for the gold...I can't help but ask why!?  Also, when you do get down there, if you use your senses to be aware of your partner, you can tell what's good and what's not. Go slow, be rhythmic and gentle (unless otherwise directed) and pay attention to it all (again) - there's more than just a clit down there. Ya know what I'm sayin'!
[Question][Discussion] Help with some ideas?   I'm looking to set up a series of events that shaped my antagonist the way he is, can any of you suggest bad things to happen to him along the way? (This all takes place before the story, but it shapes who he is, so I need to know - I've got a couple of ideas, like his parents are killed in front of him when he's quite young, he's denied the chance to get revenge, he's belittled and outcast regularly everywhere he goes, but any and all suggestions are good - even if they're not used it'll give me fuel to think!)  Thanks
I think the natural one is better, but thank-you so much! That's really great work :) So happy!
Are you in the US or Australia?
I try to get it published!  I've got two short stories already out and published in anthologies, got another one coming out in an anthology sometime this year (date not confirmed yet).  I'm always writing new stories and submitting them to anthologies. I've written two novels, but nothing I'd show to the world yet. Both of those were to prove to myself that I COULD write to that length, and still maintain relationships/arcs/general story interest.
Slender-Man. Kept turning around to see how close behind me he was. No-where to be seen. Turn back to keep running, he's only in my bloody face isn't he.  I hit the ceiling.   ALSO, the first time I ever played Dino Crisis, there's a particular hallway where you go through like five/six times before you go through it and Raptors jump through the windows at you. TOTALLY did not see that one coming either. Screamed like a bitch (I was like 13/14).
Italian?
Honourable mention goes out to my best friend; when I broke up with my almost seven years girlfriend, I had spent the entire day walking around the nearby lakes, crying and listening to music.  He came out after he finished work (earlier than he had to, I might add), picked me up, took me back to his, supplied me with alcohol, fish and chips, played some online games with me, watched a film with me, chatted to me, and finally gave me a big hug and told me I did the right thing.  If he was on Reddit, he'd deserve to win this thread.
Gotta say, love the name. True spirit of our sci-fi culture mixed into our space-faring future. Have some adoration. Keep us posted on the details of the mission (don't suppose you have a link to somewhere where we can follow/subscribe to updates about it do you?) - what is the mission's name do you know (if it's not the same as your craft).
Sorted.
Is there really a sub-reddit for everything?   What sub-reddit made YOU laugh/cringe/surprised/shocked/disgusted when you discovered its existence?   NSFW because I know what you guys are like...
I've got two short stories published, both are charity works so no money, and a third coming out this year at some point (date TBC). Don't know about how much I get paid for the coming one, it's been a while since I signed the contract!!
"Rock" that's actually a living creature
Pretty much Brisbane to Townsville.
Safari zone?   What happened to these in the most recent generations? Why weren't they included?  I missed them in Black/White
Lord of the Rings Fellowship of the Ring - when Aragorn is running through the pile of dead Uruk-Hai after beheading Lurtz, to get to the dying Boromir, a supposedly "dead" Uruk actually sits up and looks at him passing, before remembering he's meant to be dead and laying back down.  ALSO - Earlier in the film, as Aragorn is leading the hobbits through the marshes - Aragorn's bow (sticking out of his pack) hits the camera and jolts it, rocking the scene for a brief second.
Besides the planetary calculations and observations, there's another flaw in your post (maybe someone else has said but I'm too lazy to scroll too far); "beneficial for life". Whilst we cannot deny that our conditions on earth have been ideal for life as we know it to evolve, it remains impossible to tell if a form of life may be able to survive or evolve in different circumstances.  I'm of the firm belief that life has/could evolve in other conditions a lot different to ours, so would prefer scientists to be searching for planets that are "suitable" for "Earth-like life", instead of the more general terms.  Note: I'm no astrologist, astrophysicist or astrobiologist, this is all my opinion formed from general knowledge, and I give full kudos to the spirit of the original question
Technically might not be classed as "celebrity", but when my mum met Princess Anne at a horse show event.  There's a great photo of her shaking hands with her ladyship, with 6/7 year old me in the background, more interested in my burger/hot dog (forget which).
I played them all up to B/W, didn't have the money to get the sequels and here I am, super behind on everything!
I'd love to play BW2/X/Y/ORAS, but alas I'm backpacking around Australia so don't have the money to spare (or a 3DS if I did get the games!).  I've heard a lot of good things about the newer gens, and the graphics look unreal.  I don't remember 4th gen as much as I remember 3rd, and what I remember about 3rd gen is a whole lot of faffing about (if I recall correctly).
My Pokemon story   I'm 25, so I'm of the generation that has grown up with Pokemon since before it was made. Have been hovering around the Pokemon subreddit and some of the things I've seen have made me feelquite Poke-old, and I was wondering if there are any others in the same boat as me.  I first encountered Pokemon Red/Blue in the playground at primary school. A friend was playing it, and I traded just about half my trading card collection just to borrow it for a whole weekend, and wasn't allowed to overwrite his save game. I put in fresh batteries of my own, and started a new game, and played it pretty much the whole weekend without stopping (i borrowed his gameboy too, as I didn't own one then).  A year later Yellow came out over in Canada, and my god father sent me a copy over. My Mum bought me a gameboy pocket (red, if you wanted to know), and I played the hell out of that game.  Another year later, and I badgered my Dad into buying me a Gameboy Colour (Pikachu edition), and got Gold AND Silver. I can't remember when exactly I bought Crystal, but it must have been some time later.  I must have dropped out of the loop for a little while, as my next device was a Gameboy Advance SP and, of course, I got Ruby and Sapphire.  Now my progression from there is hazy, but the last game I owned and played was Black/White. I have played through from the beginning of the series, and as stated earlier, I feel old when I see some people's comments on here.  So there you are, any other Poke-riginals out there? What's your story?
East Coast Travel Suggestions?   Hey everyone  Just wondering if anyone has any unusual ideas of things that can be done on the east coast of Australia?  We have a few ideas already for ourselves (learn to scuba dive, Scooteroo, whitsunday islands and Fraser island).  We're not looking for the common things that all the tourists/backpackers do, so leave those out if you please!
This is sick (not you, their reactions).  Art is the expression of ones self, and sexuality is each persons own personal choice. The combination of the two is nothing to be ashamed of.  It was totally out of order for your family to treat you in such a way, and even worse for them to have destroyed your property.  If I were you (and I know it's not always easy to do) I would stand up for myself and tell them what they did was not okay. It's just as bad as them psychologically torturing someone for being straight, or liking cars.  I hope you get out of that abusive environment and find the freedom to express yourself.
[W] Madeiline McCann's unearthed remains