Oddly with WSJ articles, if you access them via Google they aren't paywalled.  Here you go:  Technology Will Speed You Through the Airport of the Future  Car-parking robots, tracking beacons and facial recognition systems aim to make travel relaxing  Like a good matre d, the airport of the future will recognize you, greet you by name and know exactly where to put you.  Airports around the world are beginning to move in this direction. At Londons Gatwick Airport, beacons identify you by your smartphone and give GPS-like directions to your gate, pointing out food or shopping along the way. In Germany, robots at Dsseldorfs airport park your car and return it curbside after you land, linking your itinerary to your license plate. Researchers are developing robots that will be able to check your bags and deliver them within minutes of landing.  Facial-recognition systems speed you through passport control in places including Dulles International Airport near Washington, D.C. Some airports use facial-recognition systems to track your movements around terminals. Gates in some airports are automated with doors that flash open like a subway turnstile when you scan your boarding pass or flash your smartwatch.  At the airport of the future, directional signs will be only for backup. Check-in kiosks will be tucked in a corner. Human agents may be even more unnecessary.  The idea is to cut costs, speed up travel and make airports more hospitable. In theory, travelers will be more relaxed, with time to get work done, shop or enjoy entertainment since the airport will track their time and location and tell them where they need to be. Travelers may fret less about sitting down at a nice restaurant when a flight is delayed, rather than camping at the gate.  The airport becomes fun again, says Terry Hartmann, vice president of transportation and industry applications for Unisys Corp., which makes the technology for some of the new airport features. You feel you know whats going on, you interact with the environment and travel is an enjoyable experience.  Of course, planes will still have cramped seats and airlines will still run habitually late. But flyers wont need to arrive 90 minutes early if they know lines and walks are short. Travelers worried about the airport being too invasive can opt out by turning off their Bluetooth connections.  In June, Unisys announced completion of the initial testing phase of a facial-recognition system at Dulles to help U.S. Customs and Border Protection identify imposters attempting to enter the country. New passports have a chip imbedded with data including your photo. The facial recognition systems, also in use in the United Kingdom, Portugal, Australia, New Zealand, Germany and other countries, compare the travelers face with the passport and assign a score. If the match scores high enough, the passport control officer can be more certain of identity than todays system of eyeballing people entering the country.  Manually checking that the person in front of you is the same as a photo five years old is a challenge, Mr. Hartmann says.  At Gatwick Airport, systems estimate queues in real time at security and immigration checkpoints. And some countries have automated border control setups where the facial recognition system automatically clears someone to enter the country without seeing an officer. The U.S. hasnt gone that far partly because not enough travelers have the required chip in their passports.  San Francisco International Airport has 350 beacons installed in Terminal 2 and is testing an app that can give visually impaired passengers audible directions. American Airlines has signed on to a beacon rollout to help customers find their way, starting at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport.  Virgin Atlantics lounge in London and Cathay Pacifics lounge in San Francisco have beacons that can recognize members when they walk through the door and offer information like food and drink menus. Miami International Airport has been doing limited trials. One potential use: tracking when someone enters the baggage carousel area and when they leave, showing how long they waited for baggage.  By 2018, 44% of airlines world-wide plan to use beacons, compared with 9% that have experimented with the technology currently, according to a survey this year by SITA, an aviation information and communications company. Geneva-based SITA is owned by 430 air transport companies and develops technology for the industry.  In Germany, Dusseldorfs airport is growing in passenger traffic but it doesnt have real estate to expand parking. The answer: a valet parking robot.  From the airports website, travelers make a reservation and enter flight information. Then they drive to a spot in the garage and lock their car. The system reads the license plate and decides where it will park the vehicle. A robot nicknamed Ray, which looks like a giant forklift, picks up the car by the wheels and moves it. At night, robots reshuffle the garage so cars that will be returned the next day are easily accessible. The system tracks if travelers flights are delayed or canceled and has their cars ready when they arrive.  The robots have operated for nearly a year and boosted garage capacity by 32%, says SITA managing director Christian Jahncke, who oversees the robot project. It has had one ding in one of the 40,000 cars handled. One problem: Sometimes the robot sets off the anti-theft alarm. Eventually the screeching stops. High-quality cars are very sensitive to being picked up, Mr. Jahncke says.  Close-in valet robot parking costs 29, or about $32, a day. That compares with 24.5 for premium parking the same distance from the terminal without valet service.  Each robot costs about $250,000, and Dusseldorf uses three so far. In all, Dusseldorf has spent about $1 million, far less than building a new garage, says Mr. Jahncke.  SITA is looking at whether it could make a robot to check bags, says Jim Peters, the firms chief technology officer. Travelers would self-tag, or have a permanent-use bag tag that identifies them. Robots would pick up the bags and maybe even deliver them, speeding up the process and reducing manual labor costs. Managing your baggage and not making it a pain is a part of the airport of the future, Mr. Peters says. The number of airlines offering self-tagging bag drop, but without robots, has increased to 17% from 9% last year. That is expected to rise to 74% of airlines by 2018, according to the SITA technology survey.
Quantum computer emulated by a classical system
In A Little-Seen Early Apple Video, Jobs And Wozniak Talk About The Company's Beginnings
As technology enables us to live ever longer, Earth is set to become a crowded place. A look at whether space colonisation is a realistic solution to overpopulation, and how soon we could be settling on Mars
Prozac treatment can help anxious dogs
My SO is having a stoma reversal on Monday - any advice/tips?   I'd love to hear any advice about what he can expect and what I can do to help  Edit: Thanks so much for all the response and advice, it is really appreciated. Sorry for the slow response - it's been a crazy few days. His surgery went great, so now its onto the recovery process!
It's 3015, and Times Square is crammed inside a giant skyscraper
An 'octopus' robot with eight limbs developed to clear rubble in Fukushima, Japan
I would also like to know if anyone has tried it, but bear in mind this is not the full internet - it's a broadcast selection of articles and bits and pieces, so it won't be a replacement for a dastardly service provider.
Off-Earth mining: The challenge of turning asteroids into gas stations in space
IDEO Envisions the Future of Self-Driving Cars
As with the article yesterday, this is a repost of a [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2840627/A-house-seasons-Shape-shifting-home-transforms-year-response-changing-temperatures.html) article
this is a repost of an article from the [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/sciencetech/article-2839124/The-bottle-makes-water-appear-AIR-Gadget-uses-solar-energy-collect-moisture-flask-ride-bike.html)
There's been a lot of negativity about this technology, but at the end of the day it has got to be being built, which is a lot more than can be said for a lot of environmentally friendly tech. It will be really interesting to see how it works in reality.
I believe [this is the article](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-11-04/scientists-reverse-ageing-process-in-mice/5865714) you were looking for - you're correct about it being the muscles:  "We've discovered genes that control how the body fights against ageing and these genes, if you turn them on just the right way, they can have very powerful effects, even reversing ageing - at least in mice so far," he said. "We fed them a molecule that's called NMN and this reversed ageing completely within just a week of treatment in the muscle, and now we're looking to reverse all aspects of ageing if possible."
I'm afraid I'm not the creator - I just thought this was a cool project. You make a solid point though.
Solar city: Hidden-in-plain-sight solar panels to boost renewables revolution
Cost-wise, it really depends on where you are - the price of land is they key deciding factor in how much it will cost to grow food in natural sunlight.  What kind of scale are you thinking about? Philips are leading the way in the tech for this sort of thing, so it might be worth [checking out their site](http://www.lighting.philips.com/main/application_areas/horticultural/cityfarming.wpd) for prices etc.
Don't worry, just try out things that sound like they might suit you and use those experiences to help you think further about it - there is no deadline to deciding and nothing to stop you switching careers later if you decide what you're doing isn't for you.   This notion that you have to pick now and be stuck with it is outdated at best - people will certainly ask you what you want to do, but there is nothing wrong with not having a simple answer. (If you listen to the folks at /r/futurology you stand a good chance of living to 200, so its not like you're short on time to decide!)
Four scenarios for the all-age-friendly cities of the future
I think there will certainly be a market for this (assuming it was possible - presumably these meats would be much harder to develop), but I expect it will always be a fraction of the main market - novelty and speciality food that people have at dinner parties or in hipster noodle bars, but not the sort of thing you'd eat at home during the day.   But who knows, maybe there will be a food craze for synthetic dodo meat? It's a fascinating prospect.
The Tiny Wireless Earbuds Of The Future Are Made Possible By Software
Drones Will Transform Sports PhotographyOnce the FAA Gets Out of the Way
Can a robot learn right from wrong? Attempts to imbue robots, self-driving cars and military machines with a sense of ethics reveal just how hard this is
Thanks for sharing! That sounds amazing - good luck with it all :)
Why don't you think they'll be built on Earth? I myself think it will happen eventually, but this might be partly because I just think they're an awesome idea!
I didn't think it happened until I started working in an office in a touristy area of London. Some people seem to think the world is there to serve them.   Mind you, it only ever happened with British tourists - everyone else has been nothing but polite and appreciative.
Look, no hands! Test driving a Google car
Re-writing Asimov's laws of robotics for 21st century healthcare robots
This is a fascinating story, and a pretty good insight into the practices of early archaeologists - amazing this stuff wasn't found earlier!
No one game - just the fact that every game previewed looked awesome, even the (very few) that wouldn't normally be my thing. I'd been thinking about if for a long time, but that was when I realised I had to go for it.
I agree - I heard a rumour they were going into wearable tech, and I cannot see that ending well