Oh yes absolutely. I can absolutely understand his POV. If you were in the same situation as someone I know regarding this you would too.  edit: i am timed response on here so i might not get back to you also leaving house now
recipe?
I'll actually put the first one ahead of dredd as the ultimate indicator of how stupid the average fanboy is.  When a film makes that shitty godzilla reboot look good you know you've done something wrong.  Weak ass premise. Shitty stock characters. Contrived love story (but not really, daddy issues). Awful dialogue. The acting was so fucking bad even the good actors were uncomfortable.  What a piece of shit.  And it somehow made enough to warrant another?
OH
One of the UK's most brilliant wartime spies was poorly treated by colleagues at MI5 in the paranoid years of the Cold War and was left gripped by fear that he was suspected of being a traitor. Now an extraordinary letter and a series of family documents reveal the full story.
pretty cool
keto is not 'effectively gluten free'  people on keto don't have to worry about tiny crumbs on a chopping board   can eat as much carbs as you want as long as they are gf  anyone want to explain their fucking dumbshit downvoting of scientific facts?  fucking lol
No. Keep in mind this is reddit, this is fanboy central, a lot of people are fucking tired of the marvel shit already. There are only so many slots for big films in the year and many are taken by these.  At least Btman Superman looks actually good, but it will prob suck too
I never said anything one way or the other about my opinion.  In fact I rarely respond to users demanding to know the reason why someone disliked their precious, I think it is fucking shitty behaviour, every time a film the hive likes is treated negatively it gets downvoted - even when explained in detail etc.   Yet if I was to write 'Fury Road is awesome' I'd get 200 upvotes.   Truly pathetic.  And as for your second point - explain to me why it makes no sense.
oh god no, please no, another justification for hacks to defend why it took 4 night courses, 12 how to books and 27 redrafts over 6 years  to finally finish their masterpiece 'Drive Fast' which is totally different to Fast and Furious although it's exactly the same and probably somehow even worse  *'I just need to understand the human condition man...'*
my face
No I am pretty confident in my posts. More so - 100%.
Most people have heard of great white, hammerhead and tiger sharks but there are many other species - and every year a number of new ones are discovered. One enthusiast has, so far, identified 24 types of shark and related fish that were previously unknown.  Old fashioned science brought to you via the new world wide web.
The only thing the internet is doing is making a somewhat open playground for vomit. The chances of making money are probably slimmer considering the sheer numbers who have no gates to cross to get places. No surprise you become famous online or whatever and you still sign with a record company in the end. It's a great online  reddit snowflake generation fantasy but it is not the truth.  Keep in mind the user above didn't even understand his own argument and started going on about organising gigs and all of this.  Nothing to do with it.  And I already know the arguments which are going to come in now. Every time the same ones.
I lived in carabanchel (not the prison) and there was two bars near us. One was jammed, chepa, the other had a drunk owner, his wife, much smaller considering the apartments around  Jesus the food  one day cause I was the drunken irish regular TEFL teacher guy they gave me deer stew for free  ridiculous   I know the wages are shit (my ex has a chemistry masters and worked a government job for 600 a month - some people dont get that part) but fuck it was great  walking around, in the heat, looking at stuff, have a beer somewhere, bottles of tequilla in the chino for 5 or 6 quid. crazy   spanish deli opened near me, the guy who runs it lived two metro stops down from me too, world is small
It's a mystery that's thrown Europe's poorest nation into deep crisis - $1bn has vanished from three of Moldova's leading banks, much of it passing through UK companies.
Australian and American scientists have recorded for the first time ever the death of a human white blood cell, ascertaining that the dying cell tries to warn the immune system of a pathogens presence.
'Jurassic World' a pulse-pounding triumph.
Its Time to Let Edward Snowden Come Home.
Hedge fund boss Paulson gives Harvard record $400 million.
Dinosaurs Were Warm Blooded, Researcher Concludes After 'Re-Analyzing' Past Study.
HBO Now Coming to Google's Android Devices.
People with H.I.V. should be put on antiretroviral drugs as soon as they learn they are infected, federal health officials said Wednesday as they announced that they were halting the largest ever clinical trial of early treatment because its benefits were already so clear.
The Hubble Space Telescope recently spotted a star never-before-seen in the Milky Way, or anywhere else. Scientists believe they're observing a Wolf-Rayet in a never-before-seen (and likely short-lived) transition phase.
Agnes Martin: the artist mystic who disappeared into the desert.
What If Everybody Didn't Have to Work to Get Paid? Advocates say that a guaranteed basic income can lead to more creative, fulfilling work. The question is how to fund it.
Obama launches Twitter account.
Matthew McConaughey on The Sea of Trees: 'Anyone has as much right to boo as they do to ovate' - The stars and director of the much-maligned suicide drama have explained what the film intended to say about spirituality, and pronounced themselves happy with the results.
Palmyra is in danger. As Islamic State fighters clash with Syrian government forces around the historic site, it is worth considering what the loss of this wonder, dubbed the "Venice of the Sands", would mean for the world's cultural heritage.
Tale of Tales : Cannes already has a standout movie: the horrific new Renaissance fairytale from Gomorrah director Matteo Garrone. Features scenes of flea-petting, heart-eating and a right royal hag-shagger.
Smoking: Bribery Is The Best Way To Quit, Study Shows.
Anatomy of Error - A surgeon remembers his mistakes.