MRW my countertop turns me into a paraplegic dog
Yup.
Neckbeards and 4chan got tired of jerking each other off and decided to create this steaming shithole of a sub.
Oh. My. God.
It's Tubgirl. Bitch gave herself an enema and filled her sewage pipe with orange juice, the rest is history.
Fucking Elijah Wood!
How much does a setup like this cost? Having hotdog skin grafted over your actual skin.
I'm not sure who he is, but I'm fairly certain I know how he died. I believe the woman who came forward in 2002 was telling the truth. That her mother bought the boy, and he was kept in the house, sexually and physically abused. She claims she was with her mother when the body was dumped, and details from her story match other confidential testimony. The reason no one puts much stock into her confession is because she's mentally ill. That just strengthens it in my mind though. If she was in a bad situation at home where horrors like that we're occurring, it would have undoubtedly messed with her mind. Coupling that with the time period, psychiatry being looked down on in general, and women being expected to be perfect, prim, and proper. Her mental illness became exponentially worse, making people think she's just another lunatic.
*MRW I see a big spider on the floor.*
[...] (http://imgur.com/yGwGNVd//)
I throw my hand's up in the air sometimes. Saying "AYOOOOO", where'd my skin go?
Dolphin Facial
:)
catcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcatcat
That I know of, only one can was seen near the Land Titanic. Arguably it could have been the only one aboard, hidden away. Which makes sense given how rich some of the passengers were, such as Mr. Astor. But their where also numerous poor and middle-class people, so it doesn't make sense that they would have a supply on board when the fish is already so rare.  Edit: Saw the pic you are referencing, and it is only a single can. Which leans toward my hypothesis.
Privacy.
Only two murders, the rest of the corpses were dug up from a local cemetery. The car he used to transport them was sold in an auction after everything came out. His home was burned down, but the culprit was never caught.
Fucking hilarious.
"Dad, why can't you just accept our love is real? She's my waifu and the bearer of your grand-pillows."
Looks like a lot of spaghetti.
Woman named Marijuana Pepsi Jackson...  http://www.jsonline.com/news/milwaukee/40874017.html
I haven't laughed this hard in a long time. Thanks OP.
Robin never got the credit he deserved.
:)  Also: I love your name.
I'm happy to help, just hit me up whenever you've got a question and I'll help as much as I can :)
Bowie is Love, Bowie is Life.
Yeah, but once you get his routine down pat and had the necessary accoutrements, Sephiroth became an experience horse you could beat over and over for dem sweet level-ups.
What? No cutesy little response back to show me how your the king or some shit? How your ideals give you some untold keen insight into the universe? How you stand alone in a dwindling majority against all the baddies you need to justify your "life"?
Excellent repost OP. I was gonna offer to put my dick up your ass, but I can see you used your own. Impressive.
Don't fuck with the King. You may very well wake up one night surrounded by Pennywise, Leland Gaunt, Kurt Barlow, and Randall Flag. With the creator and puppet master behind them, his endless eyes burrowing into you as he begins to pull the strings.
Thanks for the help friend. *Internet hug*
[Request] Financial Assistance: I Feel like I'm Drowning   Hello to all. My name's Joshua, Josh for short. I'm here because I need help, my family needs help. I'm not sure what to write, if I deserve to post here, but I need to try something.   I've been unemployed for about a year now, give or take, due to health problems. Since I was young I've suffered from OCD, depression, bipolar disorder, ADD, and chronic insomnia. I never received help for it growing up, which has put me in a very bad spot. I'm 23, and I've worked seven different jobs since I was old enough to work. I've been forced to leave them all because of my mental health issues. The longest was a job as a cook at a fine dining restaurant that I managed to hold down for almost two years. I live with my mother and younger brother, who work to keep us off the streets. We live in my grandfather's house. We used to live with him, but he committed suicide last year on his 88th birthday.  My family works full time. My brother works especially hard, trying to help compensate for my lack of income. I'm on state insurance, and have been seeing a therapist and psychiatrist for several months. I'm slowly getting better, but its an uphill battle that's getting harder and harder to fight. The weight of the bills, the arguments, the unhappiness. All because of me and my inability to work. The stress and anxiety is killing me inside. I hate showing my face around them, knowing how miserable they are because I was born defective and can't contribute.  Which I guess brings me to the reason for this post. The bad weather has negatively affected both their jobs, and they haven't been getting the hours they were. We have bills that are past due, and their having trouble catching up. If there is anyone reading this who can help me, I'd get on my knees and beg you if I could. A monetary gift to help pay the outstanding bills, get our trash service back, and other small things. Things like cab fare to and from my appointments. My insurance doesn't cover medical transport, so if my mom is working and can't drive me, I have to take a cab. Because if I miss two or more appointments I have to reapply to be seen and it takes months so I can't risk it. Gift wasn't the right word to use, I'm not sure what is. Any help you can give me, I will repay. I promise you that. It may be a year or two from now, but I will reimburse for your kindness. My grandfather taught me to always pay my debts, and I do.  If your not in a position to help in a physical way, I'd love very much for someone to talk to. I don't have any friends and have no one I can talk to here. A kind soul who wouldn't mind talking with me would be an amazing gift in itself.  That's pretty much it, not sure what else to say. My anxiety has been terrible these past few days, and getting all this out has helped ease it.  Thank you for taking the time to read this, it means a lot to me.  www.gofundme.com/q85zaa4