"I'm actually between jobs. After teaching, I went into software QA and test writing. Unfortunately, my position was eliminated in a buyout, so I'm "on the hunt". Fortunately, I just had an interview for a very awesome Product Manager position with a web company, so things are going well.  Not really. Kevin and his parents were entertaining, honestly. I can deal with stupid. What I couldn't (and can't) deal with is the politics and just general morale shitshow that is modern education. I got tired of being micromanaged and continually blamed for things that were out of my control. Kevin was honestly a fun part of my career.  Kevin graduated in June and now works at a restaurant about 15 minutes away. He has a 2 year old son and AFAIK, is getting married to the mother(also graduated in June). From what I hear, he kind of grew out of the stupidity and having the kid kind of sobered him up. His future FIL is military though, so that probably had something to do with it.  It comes in waves and happens more when I post in more active subs. I'd say 2-3 times a day it comes up on here. Usually I don't respond if it's not relevant, but I like how you formatted it :P  He slept in class a lot, or at least kind of just made vague attempts at doing work while either not paying attention or attempting to flirt. In fact, most of the events happened between August and November, or May and June. From December to about mid-April, he was pretty low key...when he wasn't suspended or lost."
Multiply the amount you put in by how many paychecks you get per year. Use that amount and multiply it by 10 or 15 and that's how much money you would have without  interest. Depends on your savings account, the type, how much interest you get per quarter.   You can put money in a CD, not sure I'd recommend it right now.   But If I wer eyou I'd save 50 bucks per paycheck. 5-10 is too little.
That hasn't happened yet. I've never had to play more than 3 games in a row before getting a win.   For instance, I just played now. I won, so I quit for the day I got +8 so I'm at +38 now. I got the +8 because I had As on my team
No I don't because I already know how you got them. You tried forcing yourself into my apartment and then after a long scruffle I took a frying pan to your melon. Your head was bleeding from the blunt forced trauma but still you motion onward to come at me. I wouldn't allow this so I took my mallet and pegged you in the leg. With your mobility weakened, I bit your fucking ankles and took some flesh out while screaming crazy nonsense at you. This frightened you because I was acting crazy and insane so you ran out of my apartment never to return.   That's how you got your scars.
No dude. Shortbus is a Canadian indy film about sex, orgasms, and orgies. There's a scene in the film, which takes place in NYC, where three gay guys are having a threesome and one of them uses his mouth like a trumpet and sings the national anthem in another guy's ass. It's graphic and shows all of this. [Here](http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0367027/?ref_=nv_sr_1)   The orgy participants seen throughout Club Shortbus are credited as 'Sextras' at the end of the film
I enjoyed the movie. I was entertained. It was better than 2/3 but that was something that bothered me greatly. I mean he was a sub character, but prominent enough that I noticed the omission.    I have to say, the saddest death was watching that Assistant get taken away by the dino bird, then eaten by the water monster with the bird. She was eaten whole so you have to imagine she was alive while being in the stomach of that thing for probably 2-4 minutes before drowning.
That's not a fact. That is your opinion that it can. It is not FACT.   Opinions can be supported by facts- but what you have said is not a FACT, it is an OPINION. A fact would be listing statistics (ex: The results of the statistics are...) - the opinion would be the interpretation from those statistics which is "Age disparity can create a power imbalance" The key word being "can"   You can keep calling it a fact all you want but it is simply your opinion. Calling it a fact doesn't add any more weight to your sentence. I'm not saying I disagree with your opinion, I agree with it kind of, but it isn't a fact. An opinion is defined as indicating a belief, view, sentiment, conception, which is what you are doing.    It's a common problem people do when they are taking to give more weight to their opinions they say "The fact of the matter is..." or "The fact of..."  They are trying to give more weight to their opinion by stating it as fact- it's not though. It's just an opinion. It's an expression in the English language and a bad habit as it misinforms people to believe the follow statement is fact rather than the opinion that it is.   Now before you argue further, I have a degree in English. I taught literacy and I most certainly know the difference between fact   opinion- but what you have said is not a FACT.   I'm not disagreeing with the content of what you said, it just bothers me when people say something is a fact when it's just their opinion. Kind of like how some people get bothered when someone misspells their, they're, and there.
[Well it sounds like this probably](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cun-LZvOTdw)
or hips
What? lol. I was being sarcastic. I was saying "Good job for looking for for all the misspellings out there [on reddit]. I upvoted you for it, buddy. It is hard work fixing everyone's grammar these days."   Most people can spot whether a word should be plural or singular. I was making fun of you for pointing it out. I do not need to go to school for grammar, I teach it. I'm also not a stickler about it in unprofessional settings when I know what the person meant.
There are a few versions of this story I've read. The other version I remember has a note pinned on the dog which says, "You are the owner." Meaning the owner has Alzheimer's and someone has been helping take care of the dog for him, but it always returns to him every day.
my cat loves me. fat lovable fur thing. he's too fat to run away. he has to cuddle me when i want. HAHAHAHAHA ^^^^^HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
421,689
420,938
Ok.
It won't obliterate Avatar. If Star Wars makes over 2 Billion world wide then I will eat my own boxer shorts.
3f4dksa  djjtghehw s fewdrilsltoassessyourstrength shaeolkf drilskajghe
Pls OP
Cocking for three
Yeah.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA........  fair is a veritable smorgasbord orgasbord orgasbord  After the crowds have ceased   Each night when the lights go out   It can be found on the ground all around   Oh, what a ratly feast!  Melon rinds and bits of hotdogs   Cookie crumbs and rotton cotton candy   Melted ice cream, mustard dripplings   Moldy goodies everywhere  Lots of popcorn, apple cores   Bananna peels and soggy sadwiches   And gobs of gorgeous gook to gobble at the fair  A fair is a veritable smorgasbord orgasbord orgasbord   After the gates are shut   Each night when the lights go out   It can be found on the ground all around   That's where a rat can glut, glut, glut, glut!
Make sure you give them pets. They need pets to survive, without pets they die.
415,494
Well, why don't they just make it so it doesn't have to be random every time? lol That way I could play with my friend. And not be against him.   Okay. I give up. I love this game. But that is the 5th time in 9 games someone has DCed. I also got DCed twice, and I've checked my ISP, I have very fast internet and the only thing I'm using it for is this game.
414,615  Bucky....
414,196  bucky
413,524
BFGH
412,948
411,536
Say hello to the dementor wasp. It turns cockroaches into zombies.
[WP] You're a ten year old human and you're parents adopt an orphin Rodian named Greedo on the planet Tatooine.   your*