Nah, his face isn't all that punchable. What you have a problem with is his clothes.  Edit: [This guy](http://www.blackactivistzine.org/brotha%20reparations%20durban2001.jpg) has a punchable face.
Well, by the simple rules of statistics, the more people that see a request, the more likely *someone* will help out.   It's the same reason car dealerships constantly send out junk ads. Because they *know* someone will get it that needs a car. If they didn't advertise, they would have gotten less prospective buyers.  That's what the stupid "like this to have God cure Timmy's nut cancer" posts do is hopefully get some people to donate money for cancer treatment.
Just panserbjrne things...
The answer? Maybe.  Do your due diligence on the specific deal, if it interests you.  If it is a scam, then it will be a shittily made watch that costs less than the shipping and handling fee. If it is real, they probably are only giving away a small number, and the others will be sold at a premium.
Yes. That's a thing.  [And it is stupid](http://www.nationalreview.com/article/373840/ten-dumbest-common-core-problems-alec-torres)
The seemingly never-ending streams of penis pudding emanating from his piss pipe soon had me coated like a plasterer's radio. When he removed his disco stick from my puckered brown eye, he was pleasantly surprised to see a footlong fudge bullet staring back as him. He knew I couldn't wait to gobble the stink pickle off his bugger king. The mixture of corn-eyed butt snake and penis pudding in my turd-herder created the delicious rectoplasm that he was so fond of. He rolled a giant toilet twinkie on my breasticles just so he could consume it up like a hungry hungry hippo. With his greasy slimelight fucking deep into my quim, the sensation of his greasy slimelight smashing my cervix made me quake like a tasered slab of chopped liver.  This generator is beyond awesome.
Okay... let me educate you.  A good theory would be something along the lines of "Willy Wonka puts acid in his chocolate" that uses evidence like the trippy, weird interactions that the people encounter in the factory (which they don't normally feel because the effects are lessened greatly after the chocolate is cooked, formed, and shipped). Or maybe that Oz is another dimension of Earth, and that explains why the Wizard looks exactly like the kindly carney that Dorothy met before going there.  This is just... "hey, they both walk on something red"
He said in the deposition that it was for the women he intended to have sex with. His lawyers stopped him from answering any further.  I'm not saying "lynch him", but maybe I don't want to give him any more of my money.  And I was a big fan of his, since I was a kid. I watched Fat Albert, and the Cosby Show, and his stand up specials. Even as a white kid, he was a hero. Someone who was successful, and didn't let that success go to his head... and now, I just don't believe it anymore.
You see what your problem is? I ask an honest question (how can they tell the difference between the enexorable change in the climate caused by natural forces and the preventable change in climate caused by man's activity, especially when both are occurring at the same time?), and get accused of being an idiot or a liar.  You aren't winning any popularity contests by acting this way, and frankly it's the best way to take someone who is open minded enough to listen and close them to you.  Just some food for thought.  But when you accuse a layman, a hotel front desk clerk, of being bought and paid for by a shadowy anti-environmental conspiracy, I hope you aren't linking to any sort of group that makes money on the climate movement. (I'll check the link out later.)
I'm still confused as to how they can tell the difference between anthropogenic and natural climate change.  The Earth goes through cycles of warming and cooling, resulting in the growth and recession of glaciers. Geologically, we are in a warming period that will end with deglaciation, and rising sea levels, regardless of mankind's effect on the environment.  This means we can delay such effects, at best, and not stop them. And we could even do more harm to the planet by trying to stop the natural order.
Let's Go-On! (Xpost /r/beadsprites)
It was very expected. In fact, they made the decision months ago, but didn't say anything until now.
No, we apparently don't.  I mean, your hints were "the Steg's back" (meaning that he has returned, not to look at the back of the dinosaur) and "the method is hidden in the picture" which is a pretty bad "major hint" because we could have guessed the method was somewhere in the picture.  I get that I'm new here, and still haven't really gotten into this yet, but... we didn't even know you were looking for text until you told us.
The signed cards are incredibly rare. For the theme decks, I don't know the ratio (I could crack open a case of KLK decks and see if I got a signed card, but I think it's less chance than 1:18)  In general, the signed cards will go $40-80 in the right circles, some unpopular ones will be $10-20, and some older cards will be more.
I went down to the car dealership for one of these promotions. I brought in the ad, they did their high-pressure sale, then they brought me a scratch-off with like 20 numbers on it, and I got to scratch off 6 numbers.  If *all 6 numbers* matched a pre-determined list of numbers on a whiteboard, then I would have won the grand prize. And quite frankly, I'm skeptical that the scratch-off was even possible to win on. (The booby prize was a $2 bill.)  Does anyone know *anyone* that "won" more than a $100 product on these things?  The worst one I've seen has a prize listed as "3 golden coins" (They meant Sacajawea dollar coins.)
How about this? If someone asks a noob question in the main sub, we... I dunno... *answer the question* and include a message like, "you can learn more about the basics at /r/KerbalAcademy"  If it's a simple question, with a simple answer, no one wants to hear, "I'm not going to tell you, I'm going to send you over here, with a smaller userbase, where you can ask the question over again."
Okay. So, if my "religious belief" is that I should only feed my children raw possum meat, should I be allowed to do that?  Of course not! They'd be dead quicker than you can blink.  Any reasonable person will admit that you can't claim personal freedom as an excuse to attack another person, and that includes passive harm.  Similarly, the First Amendment is not an absolute protection of your right to speak, specifically where such speech can bring harm to another party. You can not, for example, grab a bullhorn and tell an angry mob to break into a building and lynch its occupants.  Such exceptions to personal freedom are inevitable, and should be as limited as possible, but for vaccines to work *as many people as possible have to get the vaccination*.  If you don't want to vaccinate your kids, you will have to use alternative methods of educating them. You can find a private school that is willing to have a walking virus incubator attend, or you can teach them yourself at home.
I don't believe you.
I think I understand what he/she was going at...  One of the big arguments in the gay community is that homosexuality is not a learned behavior, but a hard-coded preference. That men don't *choose* to like men, they just do.  The gay man in the argument said, "Who I choose to marry is none of your business." (I'm cleaning up the language because it isn't being told by a reliable narrator anyway.)  The bigot then has an a-ha moment, "But gay isn't a choice! So can you or can't you choose to be gay?"  The logic is there, if *and only if* you conflate the loving of a particular man with the loving of men in general.
Honestly, I don't really like the original Producers. Maybe it's because I saw the Lane/Broderick film first, but the original just feels... unpolished.  Because the script underwent innumerable changes over the decades on stage, it cut out much of the less funny humor, expanded the roles for the more minor characters, and fleshed out the meta-show aspects.
That's true, but I'm not going to dance inside a volcano just to grab a steak.   If these were aliens that came to Earth to invade, they would have noted that the land was 90% incompatible to their lives... 75% of the land is covered in liquid water of varying salinity, and across most of the land, water falls from the sky.  But, going with the "demons" theory, and the idea that the little girl was creating and stashing holy water around the house (as opposed to it being simple human water), then it would explain why they are on *this* planet to begin with.
[This article](http://www.ushistory.org/us/21e.asp) gives a quick and dirty idea of what was going on.  Britain was wildly interfering with American independence by way of naval blockades and forts within American Territories where they armed Native fighters against us. When Madison declared war in 1812, it was to gain economic freedom to trade and deal with other countries.  And we very nearly lost, if it weren't for important rallying points, like Baltimore and New Orleans. Granted the effects of a loss may not have ultimately included direct subjugation, but we still would have been largely dependent on the British Empire.
Sorry, but that is only if you are a fool.  The point was clearly, even without the tags, to juxtapose the slaughter of pigs with the slaughter of Jews, to get people to think about how bad it is to kill another animal.  I don't agree with her assertion. But she is not saying that men are pigs in any way, shape, or form.
James and Lily were married for over a year, as were the Longbottoms.  If (and I emphasize the if) Marlene was born a McKinnon, and married in the incredibly short time between the picture being taken and her death, it stands to reason that her marriage might not have been common knowledge.  If she was already married to a non-Order member, then she wasn't a McKinnon in school. (Yes, she technically could have been one, but the odds of such a pairing are incredibly low, even in a close community like the Wizarding World).  If she was never married at all, then the family that was killed was likely her parents.  But, the Order itself was a very tight group. It is highly unlikely that a wife would be in the Order without her husband (Moody goes through a number of couples in the photograph), so the assumption is that she is not married, since a husband was never married.  Now, there is another possibility that hasn't been mentioned yet...  Marlene may have been gay. We know that Rowling intended for some characters to be homosexual, and an unmarried woman in a fighting position may not have married because one woman can not marry another (We never see such a marriage at least.). In this scenario, Moody would have respected her as a person and comrade-in-arms, but not been comfortable talking about such matters with others.  Which one is right? Only JK Rowling knows for sure.
Okay... so you are saying that Inception stole dream-within-a-dream and dream-diving from Final Fantasy 8?  I'm sorry, but this is less a theory and more a fanfiction.  First, there is no discrepancy solely contained in Disc 1, unless you accept this to be true from the start. And the only weirdness is the shared vision on the train.  Quistis hit on Squall early on because they are roughly the same age, and he is single and attractive.  Everything else here can't be disproven, the same way you can't disprove that I saw a dragon last night.  Ultimately, this is just an attempt at shoehorning an unrelated movie into a game.
Mildly related, but is anyone here a good artist?   I have an idea for an unofficial Sentai that I would like to see created, and well... no one has seemed to think about it before.  Shoot me a line if you think you are up for designing and drawing a never-before-seen squad.
So, I'm getting ready to talk to my boss about our pay...   It's criminally low in some cases (night auditors are being paid under the table below minimum wage). For those of us who are legal, he tries to keep us as close to minimum wage as possible.  This is painful for us, because even being the highest paid desk clerk ($8.25/hr) isn't enough to pay the bills at home, and I'm having to borrow money off of future paychecks to cover them.  I counted out all of the hours worked this week by all the hourly workers, and if we assume this was an average week, then they pay about $12.28 per room-night for employees.  Raising the rate of pay for everyone to $10.00/hr would increase that average to $17.10.  That seems daunting, but the ADR has gone up over $10 since last year, because of rate increases.  Furthermore, if he were to continue paying the night shift as he has, it could bring the average down to under $15 a room. (I hate to throw the students under the bus, but the boss might not care about helping them at all.)  Ironically, the fact that he pays so badly is the reason why my job is secure enough for me to bring it up to him. No one wants to work starting at $7.50, with an occasional  $0.25 raise. (I started at $7.75 because I had 5 years experience, and I've been here 4 years.) So, most people that get hired don't even bother showing up for training once they hear the pay offer.  For that $5 a room, my boss would shift from being one of the worst paying employers in the city to one of the best that isn't in the oil refineries.  But, I wonder if he even cares enough to listen...  If he doesn't, then I'll just have to look for a new job, because he pays his assistant manager less than a guy that flips burgers under a heat lamp.
It happens every time and it really makes me wonder if they want this place to succeed.   Sorry about the long one.  We had a power outage last night. Nothing major, just an idiot crashing into a pole.  Of course, everyone demands special treatment in the morning because of it. Most of the people were happy to get a $10 discount and be done with it, some didn't even ask for that much...  But there is always one.  He comes in around 10:30, and asks us to comp him the entire room for his stay. I tell him, "No. I can't do that. And with your room paid through a third party, I can not adjust your rate. But, if you stay over tonight and pay with me, I'll give the room for $69.95 ($15 off the current room rent)"  Well, that isn't good enough for them, because they use some weird referral system that pays out in room discounts, so they were getting the room for like $62.  So, they go off and decide to use that system to get the room again, asking for a little extra time to complete it. I tell them that I can give until 11:30, half an hour past checkout.  About 11:20 he comes back in and says that he forgot some paperwork in the room, and he'll need to get it to pay. At 11:45 he tells me that he needs until 12:30.  At 12:15, his wife/girlfriend/drug-addicted-crack-ho comes out, saying they need until 1... at this point, I tell her flat out, "we can not keep waiting like this. You need to take care of this right away."  "Okay, I know... But your Internet wasn't working right and you just need to give us more time! Oh, and can I get some fresh towels."  I reiterate that housekeeping is waiting on her to pay for the room, and that we will not provide housekeeping in any form until it is done.  1 PM rolls around... still no payment. I call her this time, and she tells me she needs another 15 minutes... That she is putting in the information right then, and it will be showing up on the computer any minute.  No such luck.  1:10 - I call her back, and she says that it is *literally* being processed and it will only be another 6 minutes.  Now, at this point, I'm tired of the excuses. I told her flat out that we need this done *now*, and if it doesn't happen, I'll be contacting the police to evict her.  Wouldn't you know it... nothing happens.  So, I call the police (non emergency) and have them send a uni. While waiting for that, the guest comes out "trying to get the room taken care of". Even though she already told me that it was being processed. Cops drive up, and she goes back to the room.  They talk a few minutes, and she gets them to admit that if I can be convinced to accept payment, she can stay, so she comes back to the desk.  I stick to my guns, but there is one factor I can't control.  My boss decided to walk out from the back. I kept him out of this for a reason. He has a pathological fear of confrontation with guests, and if you talk to him, you'll probably get your way. And sure enough... the guest waves cash at his face, even though it's 2 PM and the police are here to remove her, and he says just let her stay.  Every god damned time. Bring in a pet? He'll break his own posted rules to let you stay. Smoke in a nonsmoking room? Don't worry about it.  He's so interested in the online reviews that he would probably let someone rent a room with money that was stolen from him.  TL;dr guest refuses to pay until police are actually there to evict her 3 hours late, boss lets her stay anyway.
Yes, I know. Don't talk about PS Now. But I can't be the only one wondering.   What exactly is the "Channel" games section?  Is that going to house games that we've purchased previously? Or are otherwise available with a monthly rental option?  I'll be honest, I'm not exactly stoked to have to pay $15 to play Final Fantasy XIII again, when I own it for the PS3. I hope they would link PS Now to the SEN servers and let us play any digital downloads for free, as well as let us use the PS Now service to play games we have the disc for.
I've bought enough ponies from others, I think. I want to sell them myself.   I already have the My Little Pony CCG on my website, and now I can start selling toys figures and other collectibles from the show, and other related properties on the site.  I'll start adding items one at a time, first update will be tonight.  I'll let you decide on what to add first.  The ever popular Blind Bag figures, Travel Mugs, or the Derpy Tin-Tastic pencil set.   Leave comments below, I take all sorts of suggestions.   Edit: Feel free to still give suggestions, but I am choosing to start with the Blind Bag figures. I have an order of 48 on the way, and you can start buying yours now.  http://www.betonwhite.com/category-s/1952.htm
Shameless self promotion   Hey, every pony, I've started a website devoted to selling single trading cards and collectible card games, and wanted you to know that shortly we will be adding some of the MLP card sleeves for sale. We'll be getting Trixie and DJ Pon3 to start.  I am also looking into a distributor for the Enterplay trading card series and the MLP CCG. I'll send more word when they are available.  Edit - I am getting a hoof full of 1 and 2 player starter boxes from my distributors. I'll set up pre orders for them shortly, so I can start shipping out as soon as they arrive.     Check out my [Facebook page](https://facebook.com/profile.php?id=1468747983347018) for up to date information.
Looks like Comcast is having trouble with PR