lol
The trap Hillary cant escape: Her Bernie Sanders problem is she doesnt understand Sanders policies are popular, mainstream and the future
"Bernie Sanders drew an estimated 11,000 supporters to his presidential campaign rally at the Phoenix Convention Center Saturday."
We won't know if he is what he used to be until he plays regardless of how great he looks.
Bernie Sanders represents me as a Democrat more than anyone else in the Democratic Party. He is the ideal Democrat. He's what every "one of you" should be. He's hope to restore the American Dream.
Bernie Sanders to visit KC Monday to speak to La Raza convention
[yeah](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acLW1vFO-2Q)
Bernie Sanders will never be president.   If he wins the democratic primary, I bet you he will be.
yeah
it's CNN, what do you expect?   it's why I rephrased it, because CNN's title his dishonest and they're scrum
Sanders: The majority of gun owners are responsible and obey the law
Haters gonna hate and ainters gonna aint.   People said the same thing about a black junior senator too.   I believe in Bernie. He represents me. I'm going to vote for him and do what else I can to help him get every last vote possible no matter what the detractors or anyone else says.
"in a way"  what way is that?   it has 0 proof it's legit   I'm still waiting for anyone to tell me what is a good reason to do it in secret and not live.
Bernie Sanders doesn't vote to go to war and then neglect our veterans like so many politicians. Bernie Sanders is the leader America needs.
I think the Lakers got too much help from the refs for it to be coincidence. Statistically, the calls they got were outrageous. I think the game was fixed.
why does everyone assume all the teams are staying the same? some will get better and some will get worse. You never know, you could have like seeds 2-6 all be within a game or two of each other and phoenix gets hot and end up getting the 2nd seed. You never know bro.
what? how does that even work? are the numbers listed somewhere?
Thanks.
This is enough for me to get my hopes up so I can later be disappointed.
U.S., Cuba Reach Agreement to Establish Full Diplomatic Relations
If the average American can what?   Get rid of the cap on social security taxes. This does not affect the average American at all. If you expand medicare it will bring costs down. Those are the primary social costs.   And take it easy on defense spending, corporate welfare, and tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires. And stop the banks for gouging everyone.
What is the best realistic return the Suns can get for Bledsoe?   It appears he's on the block and Phoenix will take a half decent offer because they're eager to unload him. What are possible trades and what is the best Phoenix could do?
Because I don't have to buy food from the one grocery store you go to. I don't have to chicken with broccoli to live. I can substitute ramen and cans of tuna and live off of that. But if I need a particular procedure, what choice do I have? I think you should reconsider.  We really don't have to reinvent the wheel. We have medicare and we can use that as our base. Just look at every other developed country. There's not that much mystery. Single payer would be better.
Why Bernie Sanders Will Become the Democratic Nominee and Defeat Any Republican in 2016
I think it could show confidence and leadership if one of the republicans declared it. Somebody has to set themselves apart.
Whenever someone says they're over 100% sure they're wrong.   Source: Maury Show.
You heard me. He gets along better with his teammates and plays better with them than CP3.
You are not as you are born. You are as you make yourself and as you live your life. Just look at Jindal.   Same here, I'll support the Democratic nominee. I won't be excited about it though. Hillary is a corporate democrat.
You can thank God and such, but keep the proselytizing to yourself, especially when it is bigoted and not PC. And you can be sure this will blow up beyond MMA. When that happens, you can be sure he's suspended or cut. Whatever action the UFC decides to take, Romero brought that upon his self.
He's pure. The only thing I have heard negative about him so far is he wrote some erotica like 40 something years ago. When they try to catch him by calling him a socialist or wanting to raise taxes etc, he doubles down on it and wins.
Bernie Sanders Gains on Hillary Clinton in Bloomberg Early-State Polling
The protesters were on the money. He knows he has 0 chance of winning. He just wants to get his name out there for future jobs like lobbying or Fox News.