Microsoft stops collecting own map data and sells part of business to Uber.
Microsoft is retiring the Modern UI version of Skype on July 7.
Not psychic, just reading PayPal's upcoming ToS.    From Amendments to the PayPal User Agreement, the PayPal Privacy Policy and the PayPal Acceptable Use Policy, effective July 1, 2015:    1.10 Calls to You; Mobile Telephone Numbers. You consent to receive autodialed or prerecorded calls and text messages from PayPal at any telephone number that you have provided us or that we have otherwise obtained.  We may place such calls or texts to (i) notify you regarding your account; (ii) troubleshoot problems with your account (iii) resolve a dispute; (iv) collect a debt; (v) poll your opinions through surveys or questionnaires, (vii) contact you with offers and promotions; or (viii) as otherwise necessary to service your account or enforce this User Agreement, our policies, applicable law, or any other agreement we may have with you...    There's more, but you can read it. It was enough for me.  Source: https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/upcoming-policies-full
I e-mailed Nomorobo with my question about their business model and they responded quickly:   Thanks for asking,     Our business model is based on licensing our blacklist data to carriers. The incoming call data from Nomorobo users powers the detection algorithm.    That being said, your personal data is never shared with anyone else. It's only used to detect when one number is calling LOTS of consumers. Then Nomorobo knows to blacklist it.    Did that answer your question in enough detail?    Aaron  Sounds like a credible business model.  I signed up and it was a fairly easy process.
Here's a more easily digestible version from Science Daily: http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2015/05/150513145509.htm  In summary  ... the CMS and LHCb collaborations established a new and extremely rare decay of the Bs particle (a heavy composite particle consisting of a bottom antiquark and a strange quark) into two muons.
Google's self-driving cars will hit public roads this summer.
I think you're on to something.  But with that in mind, I don't want to see the newly discovered Miss Piggy.
30-year-old Russian man, Valery Spiridonov, will become the subject of the first human head transplant ever performed.
Apple selects Samsung to supply the A9 processor for the next iPhone, departing from TSMC who produced the A8 processor for iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.
From JPL's Dawn website:   The three principal scientific drivers for the mission are first that it captures the earliest moments in the origin of the solar system enabling us to understand the conditions under which these objects [minor planets] formed. Second, Dawn determines the nature of the building blocks from which the terrestrial planets formed, improving our understanding of this formation. Finally, it contrasts the formation and evolution of two small planets that followed very different evolutionary paths so that we understand what controls that evolution.   Source: http://dawn.jpl.nasa.gov/mission/goal_index.asp
Several theories have been proposed but we don't know yet. It's one of the unknowns that keeps astronomers and particle physicists striving for an answer.    A good layman's summary (although not brief) can be found in Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dark_matter
7th paragraph from the bottom of the article:   The new FAA proposal doesn't apply to hobbyists. The agency already issued a policy for recreational use, with rules calling for flying less than 400 feet high and within sight of the operator, while keeping clear of other aircraft and notifying air-traffic control when flying within 5 miles of an airport.   FAA's new proposed rules apply only to commercial use of drones.
Elon Musk: We are going to unveil the Tesla home battery, the consumer battery that would be for use in peoples houses or businesses fairly soon.
Starting today, wireless carriers have to unlock your phone upon request once you've paid off your contract.
Timeline of events for today's Falcon 9 launch with DSCOVR spacecraft and first stage landing on a drone ship. Lift-off scheduled for 6:10 pm EST (2310 GMT).
Nickelodeon will soon offer a streaming-only service, joining several other networks in the trend of unbundling from cable and offering content over the internet instead.
Hey, it happens to the best of us.  I've slipped a few orders of magnitude before ... and it will happen again.    I just checked and ironically the LSST site states the sensor has 3.2 gigapixels, so Wired and in turn ARS got it wrong.    http://www.lsst.org/lsst/science/concept_camera
Weighing 3 tons, the worlds largest camera will capture billions of stars with a 32,000 mega-pixel sensor.
FBI chief James Comey says the hackers responsible for Sony's data breach "got sloppy," which enabled forensics teams to unmask the culpable country.
German engineering firm EDAG has stretched a skin that is 4x lighter than paper over a 3D-printed frame to build a new ultra-lightweight concept vehicle.
The U.S. Navy shows how its new laser gun works at sea.
NASAs Orion spacecraft runs on a 12 year-old single-core processor, a hardened version of the processor from the iBook G3.
You can see it on the east coast as well, but pretty early the morning of April 15, ~1:00 - 3:30 am.
Yes, comets travel at very high speeds, but so do all the other bodies in space.  A comet's trajectory can be accurately projected for a rendezvous with a spacecraft, until/unless it comes close to the sun which may change its trajectory.  After a close encounter with the sun (if the comet survives) the trajectory will stabilize and can be recalculated. In any case, it is an impressive feat to land a probe on a comet.  Comets are significant in a few ways.  They contain information that sheds light on the formation of our solar system.  Many scientists believe that comets colliding with the Earth during its formation brought much of the water we have to our planet. There are also theories that comets may have brought life or the building blocks of life to the Earth since organic molecules have been detected in them.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Comet
Well put.
Electronista has more info on this http://www.electronista.com/articles/12/05/11/domestic.shipments.ups.fedex.unaffected/.  You could be referring to this statement in the article:  "Other countries have less stringent rules allowing cellphone, iPod, and Kindle batteries to be shipped to other countries, yet prohibiting laptop batteries with their larger weight and higher amp-hour ratings."
Yes I am aware this sub is for technology.  I also posted this to Science, which is where it probably belongs, but alas no comments.
nice
Article says the series starts in May in the U.K., but in the U.S. it begins tonight on the Discovery channel.  The documentary is technically called 'Into the Universe with Stephen Hawking.'
Not sure this is the article grrow was referring to but it's close enough.  http://www.wired.com/science/discoveries/news/2008/02/qa_turok
Couldn't agree more.  My wife and I who are both Apple fans bought one.  Weren't satisfied with its restrictions so we hacked it with ATVFlash to get more control and access of media not on iTunes.  Hack was too quirky and unreliable so we sold the AppleTV after a couple months and bought a Mac Mini instead.   We realized we needed a much more open media center, not a device that operates through iTunes like a big iPod (or should I say iPad?)
Patrick Stewart -- Jean-Luc Picard -- Star Trek: Next Generation -- Science Fiction -- Technology (ok it's a bit of a reach)