Good point.
America has been Saudi Arabia's bitch for well over thirty years. Ever since the 1973 Oil Crisis, Americans have been bending over and taking it from the house of Ibn Saud. Who controls the US economy via oil prices even today? Saudi Arabia. Where did Osama Bin Laden come from? Saudi Arabia. Who funds Wahabbism around the world? Saudi Arabia. Where did 15 of the 19 9/11 hijackers come from? Saudi Arabia. Just shut up and take it, America, 'cause there ain't a goddamn thing you can or will do about it. Saudi Arabia is your daddy, now get on your knees and squeal.
This is the thing, if you live in a fair-sized city you'll have some choice, and you can usually find one store differentiating themselves from another in just this way. Or, you can always try a Chapters which seems to have a fairly big comic/graphic novel section these days (at least in my city) and has a bunch of kids' stuff. The linked story was just some guy establishing his feminist bona fides. "I get it! I really get it!" Yeah, because patriarchy. Not market forces or anything like that. Hey, I'm going to go to Gamestop. I bet they have a bunch of games that are just about killing and stuff! Won't someone think of the children!!!
I'd like to see Larry Merchant, Teddy Atlas, Dan Rafael, Max Kellerman, Jim Lampley and all those guys call Mayweather out every single week on his refusal to fight Pacquiao. Put the pressure on hard until Mayweather steps up to the plate. His ducking of Pacquiao is a disgrace to the sport.
I thought there was one about six months or so ago, but I just can't remember the source. I'll see if I can dig it up. Thanks for the link.
The KKK Runs an Orlando Police   Fire Department
"You know, I think that you've gotten the wrong impression about me. I think in all fairness, I should explain to you what it is that I do. For instance, tomorrow morning I'll get up nice and early, take a walk down over to the bank and walk in and see you, and if you don't have my money for me, I'll crack your fuckin' head wide open in front of everybody in the the bank. And just about the time that I'm comin' out of jail, hopefully, you'll be comin' out of your coma. And guess what?  I'll split your fuckin' head open again. Because I'm fuckin' stupid. I don't give a fuck about jail. That's my business. That's what I do."
...which is exactly why it won't happen. Those millions are spent on cops, lawyers, judges, prison guards and a whole host of entrenched interests who will make sure the government keeps giving them money in the name of saving the children.
Dude, I could not agree more. Eraserhead is unique and fascinating, especially for the time it came out. Blue Velvet is a brilliant anti-Reagan film (not literally, but it puts the lie to the whole small-town America myth). I actually really like Dune. I think it's one of the best sci-fi movies of the 80s. The special effects hold up 30 years later.  The rest of his oeuvre leaves me cold. Lost Highway was almost unwatchable. Mulholland Dr. was just meh. Same with Twin Peaks. He relies way too much on: a) very slowly paced scenes to create "atmosphere" and "tension" that end up just dragging the whole film to a screeching halt, b) breaking the rules of reality in a way that empowers the "it's whatever you want it to be" crowd instead of presenting a cogent story and c) a repetitive attempt to parody a mythological view of America with a fake-50s style that just seems hackneyed after the 10th time he does it.  It's not a technical incompetence, it's just the choices he makes to tell his stories that do nothing for me. Other people like him. Fine. But to put him in the pantheon of Great Directors seems a stretch to say the least. Pretty sure I'll never bother with one of his movies ever again.
["There is no America. There is no democracy. There is only IBM, and ITT, and AT T, and DuPont, Dow, Union Carbide, and Exxon. Those are the nations of the world today. We no longer live in a world of nations and ideologies. The world is a college of corporations, inexorably determined by the immutable bylaws of business. The world is a business. It has been since man crawled out of the slime."](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zI5hrcwU7Dk)
I think this quote from the story accurately sums up the problem with Morgan:  *"Crossing an ocean for a replacement for Larry King, who had ratings problems of his own near the end, was probably not a great idea to begin with. For a cable news station like CNN, major stories are like oxygen. When something important or scary happens in America, many of us have an immediate reflex to turn on CNN. When I find Mr. Morgan telling me what it all means, I have a similar reflex to dismiss what he is saying. It is difficult for him to speak credibly on significant American events because, after all, he just got here."*  And this is not just some knee-jerk anti-British reaction (Personally, I'd like to see Russell Brand take his spot!) but let's be real, if you're going to have a prime-time American news show talking about American events, it would help to have an American in that chair. Maybe now they'll stop fucking around and give the job to Jon Stewart like they should have in the first place.
Contrary to popular belief, Malcolm X NEVER preached violence. He preached self-defense. If someone comes at you with a gun or a knife or a rope with the intention of doing you harm, you have the right to defend yourself. This was, unfortunately, a novel concept in 1960. If you read up on MLK, you will see that he was becoming more and  more aligned with Malcolm X and vice versa. It is a fallacy to suggest that they were on opposite sides of the fence. Thanks for the comment.
Despite the videos, he's actually a pretty cool character. But, to be honest, the show really isn't that great. Check out the new [BSG](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battlestar_Galactica_%282004_TV_series%29) if you haven't already, much better show.
[Here you go.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nXrlhN9rPoc)
Yeah, totally. It was supposed to be 6 megatons and ended up being 15! So it was 250% bigger than they expected. As a result it was the worst radiological accident in American history. There's an excellent writeup about it on this page:  http://blog.nuclearsecrecy.com/2013/06/21/castle-bravo-revisited/
Garrison was a nutjob. Watch [Oswald's Ghost](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/amex/oswald/). Garrison was certifiable and the majority of his "evidence" was useless conjecture. So Clay worked with the CIA? So what? The Kennedy Assassination is a million pieces of string that go nowhere. Fifty years later, still no hard evidence, just "Clay worked with the CIA" or "Oswald went to Russia." Yes, yes, but so what? Now that we know that, what do we know? As for the HSCA, here's an excerpt from an excellent [interview with Gerald Posner](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/oswald/interviews/posner.html):  **Q: Can you explain what the House Select Committee on Assassinations (1978-79) found out in the acoustic evidence, and what happened afterward concerning the issue of the reliability of the evidence?**  *A: "The House Select Committee on Assassinations used sound experts to listen to a Dallas police Dictabelt. They concluded with a 95 percent certainty that there was a fourth shot fired at Dealey Plaza, and it came from the grassy knoll. The National Academy of Sciences reviewed their work and found a multitude of errors and omissions. The most serious of which was that at the time that the Select Committee experts thought the shots were, [it] actually, [was] one minute after the assassination had actually taken place. Dealey Plaza is a veritable echo chamber, and it makes it very difficult sometimes to analyze the acoustic testimony. However, by looking at the statements of a witness who gave an opinion as to the source of the shots, we can see certain trends. Eighty-eight percent of the 179 witnesses who expressed an opinion said there were three shots and three shots only. The largest group that identified a location, 28 percent, said they came from the book depository. Only four witnesses, 2 percent of all the witnesses at Dealey, heard shots coming from more than one location."*   Check out the whole interview, it's quite good. And really, Oswald's Ghost is excellent as well.
Obama deserves criticism for a lot of things, but before everyone goes blaming this on him:  "The NSA memo seen by the Guardian was written **halfway through George W Bush's second term**, when Condoleezza Rice was secretary of state and Donald Rumsfeld was in his final months as defence secretary."
Exactly. The kamikaze was a desperation tactic and a terrible one at that. Check out "Wings of Defeat", excellent documentary on the kamikaze and shows how pitiful it was.
MALCOLM X: My Philosophy is Black Nationalism
It just all sounds the same to me at this point. I'm certainly never surprised by him. I'm thinking primarily of the work he's done with Tim Burton. I can recognize it from the first couple of notes and it just grates on me. Stuff like the [Alice in Wonderland theme](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s5VcWD2LI7U) is just so hackneyed.
It was a joke, son.  BTW, I've been working in Canadian media for many years. I know what it takes to put out a newspaper.
Two weeks past his 17th birthday, yes. I'm not assuming he didn't start the confrontation, but there is no proof he did and, I think, plenty of proof of how aggressive Zimmerman was: "Fucking punks", "Assholes", driving around with a loaded gun, following Trayvon (even after he was asked not to). Only if you give Zimmerman every benefit of every doubt does his story make sense, which I won't do. Not with Trayvon dead.  The thing is, even if every aspect of Zimmerman's story is true and we believe every single thing he says, I still think he should go to jail. If we let Zimmerman go, then it's just open season on people. It means I can go around with a gun, provoke people, yell "Help!", kill them and then claim self-defense. That's insanity.  [The war on drugs is a war on black people.](http://drugwarfacts.org/cms/?q=node/64#sthash.diwVnr9b.dpbs)  Have you seen [The Wire](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RDMoKfvPe70)? I cannot recommend it highly enough. (The link is just to some scenes from the third season. A good action sequence but doesn't give an idea of the show's entire message.) The best show in the history of television. David Simon, the show's creator, put it best. [The drug war is a holocaust in slow motion.](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2013/may/25/the-wire-creator-us-drug-laws)
Other communities face robberies yet unarmed sixteen-year-olds don't get gunned down because they don't have Zimmermans walking around.  Saying your life is in danger after the fact doesn't make it so. A few scratches and a bloody nose doesn't make it so. I think Zimmerman overreacted and a boy is dead. He should suffer the consequences.  Having a half-black man in the White House doesn't mean a thing for the majority of black people in the U.S. [The war on drugs is a disguise for a war on black people](http://davidsimon.com/a-fight-to-the-last-mexican/).  "One of every nine black families has a close relative in prison over aggressive arrests done by US law enforcement. Even though usage of illegal drugs are roughly the same along racial lines, the Drug Policy Alliance Network shows that blacks constitute 13 percent of drug users, but are 38 percent of people arrested for drug offenses, and 59 percent of those convicted. The Human Rights Watch supported this claim as well, stating that of blacks convicted of drug crimes 71% are incarcerated, compared with 63% of convicted whites. US laws have a much higher penalty for possession and distribution of crack cocaine, a frequently used drug among African Americans and this affects the Black community as well." - Wiki
There is an excellent documentary on the Mafia called "Excellent Cadavers." I saw it a few years ago and thought it was quite good. Here's a NYT review:  http://movies.nytimes.com/2006/07/12/movies/12cada.html?_r=0
Thanks!
Oh come on, reddit is just a bunch of unprofessional nobodies shooting their mouths off, posting whatever flatters their own biases, engaging in petty infighting and cluttering up the world with a lot of timewasting nonsense...holy shit, it really is like the mainstream media.
Excellent choice. The whole album is great, but the closer is just stunning. I don't think anybody was making music like this in 1974. Bad Brains is still three years away!
Again, I think you're trying to have it both ways. The law is stupid and unjust, and the prosecution was politically motivated....but really there's no problem because it was all legal. It's this vacillation I object to. Again, that it was in keeping with the law doesn't work because it was selective prosecution, re: the other seed distributors. I think this was without any doubt a strictly political maneuver and neither justice nor the law was served.   And sorry, not be a dick, but you are being naive about the power structure behind the war on drugs. There are very, very powerful interests at work that have absolutely no interest in seeing marijuana decriminalized here and the economic repercussions would be so horrendous, no government could actually enact it up here. Being defeatist is acceptance of defeat without struggle. That's not what I'm advocating, the struggle should go on, but if you're not aware of just how powerful the anti-drug lobby is in the U.S. you're kidding yourself. I have to agree with David Simon, the U.S. drug war is a holocaust in slow-motion and if they're willing to live with that, what makes you think Canada is going to change their mind? We follow their lead because we have to.
Funny, I have the same attitude towards Transmet. If you're a fan of Hunter S. Thompson at all, it comes across as a truly shitty comic book version of that man's much more interesting books/life.
NYTimes besteller: If I published only one book a year, and it did as well as this one, my net would be only around $2500.00 over the income level considered to be the US poverty threshhold.
"Together Through Life": New Bob Dylan album out April 28th
George Orwell's Diaries now online in blog form