Islamic State (IS) fighters launched an attack on Peshmerga forces in Bashiqa, northeast of Mosul, on Monday night.
Dempsey: More US troops not needed in Iraq
They hadn't invited rifling yet so the shots were inaccurate. If you put everyone in a line and have that many people firing then you have a greater chance of accuracy. Also the war during that time was considered a gentleman's war, where you came out and faced your enemy.
Data restrictions in defense bill impede management
You know the Jade Helm conspiracies. Imagine if they told us everything.....utter chaos.
Mission Valley Duathlon
Yep
An AMF, http://m.drinksmixer.com/drink735.html
A Senate panel approved a $575.9 billion defense spending bill on Tuesday, but its fate is uncertain as lawmakers argue over spending caps.
I moved here about 3 months ago. I've met a lot of new friends in the age group of 20-30.  I feel very welcome in El Paso compared to other cities I've visited or lived in. Trust me people who live here are a lot more friendly than your average city. I'd say go out and find a hobby. I like running so I found some running groups online. You get a hobby, there will be a community out there that shares the same interests.
Awesome, thanks for the answer. Definitely helped out because I had still never found an answer besides Keogh's Lamb of God necklace.
My friend kept asking me to try it. I stayed because unlike Facebook, Twitter ect, I can choose what what I can see on the feed. Also each subreddit is usually helpful and the subreddit itself dedicated to whatever it may be about.
The cartel just kidnapped 9 police officers. They've been having this "war" for awhile and the government doesn't seem to be winning.
I like to find the good/bad between both parties being an independent voter, but the GOP just keeps pissing me off.  They don't seem to care about anything except themselves. It's sad both parties used to come with something strong, the GOP just fell off the charts though.
I have to pee pee and caca....are you pinching off a loaf....I'm scared for life.
This is the rising Mexican drug cartel that just pulled off the deadliest attack against Mexican security forces in years
Opera glasses.
My high school film teacher would always talk about this movie. I finally had a chance to watch it and don't regret it. A great cult classic. Here's the full movie on YouTube http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=l5DZhDH8eew
I think that's just a woman knowing she's hot thing. Continue the criticism until people are enlightened.
The Army on Thursday launched an AR 15-6 investigation into allegations that a platoon of soldiers was given a free pass to use racial slurs against each other during what was known as "Racial Thursdays."
U.S. Targets Drug Traffickers Linked to Sinaloa Cartel
A Border Patrol agent, while testifying before a Senate panel today, indicated that nearly 6 out of every 10 aliens who attempt to infiltrate the United States through the U.S.-Mexico border are not apprehended.
In my room http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1fQT-GjKlLw
Mexican authorities said they staged 153 raids over the last year on a train known as "La Bestia" that rolled toward the U.S. border crowded with hundreds of Central American migrants.
Scrambled eggs, biscuits and gravy, add cheese on the top.
Until people learn exactly what the budget is spent on. ~12 billion on uniform development. ~400 billion on the F35 ~2 billion for the land warrior system that isn't used. Ect.....
I don't really have a reason why I give I just do. Especially to the people with signs like "using the money for alcohol". If they're being honest they might as well get a few dollars.
Who's your favorite western actor?
I gave a guy that claimed he was in the military 250. He asked for it saying he was stuck downtown and couldn't get back to post. I definitely didn't think he was in the military  but it doesn't bother me.
Someone argued with me that UFC isn't a professional sport. I dont follow UFC, but no one can be that stupid.
No, some guy in the army told me this. He might have got it from Bear Grylls though.
Looking for an Regulation   Does anyone know what army regulation states that you don't have to buy equipment that you weren't issued? One of my co-workers had found it before, but it's been so long no one remembers it.