5 ways nanotechnology can tackle climate change
26BN Lost Every Year In EU Due To Counterfeiting Of Clothes, Shoes And Accessories, Study Finds
How solar power is changing lives in Bangladesh
Your body, the battery: Powering gadgets from human biofuel
Your head isn't the real world. I know what you mean by tower. compare a full size tower pc to a mac pro, you gotta admit they're different. I'm talking about aesthetics. Sure both are desktop computers. We're talking the same thing but we're not understanding each other. Go ahead with a MacPro, it can handle 3 4k displays, you won't regret it.
It is cheap! And yes, they make a huge pile of money because people are forced to spend $100 more. I'm expecting 32GB with the 6s, fingers crossed
not currently, but I've seen them... The page is updated regurarly
4s iOS 7 ? That's probably the worse OS for the 4s... iOS8 is way better and the new betas of iOS9 shows a totally different phone. It's wayy smoother than iOS7
I think this is a great feature because the app switcher is rubbish. It takes ages to double click the home button, choose an app and do something. I think it needs a refinement
what?
very tough choice indeed. I guess I'd choose the 918. Feels like it's smaller and more civilized but I don't know... I might prefer another one in a minute
I also started with an iPod touch, it was amazing, few months later got the iPhone 4s, then an iPad, then the 5s, then the 6. I'm gonna buy a rMBP shortly. True bastards ! hehe
never saw anyone fix an electric problem with a hammer
why did you took so long in the shower ? Well, I was calculating the profit Apple made every second in the last quarter
Springtomize
if the 16GB of RAM weren't enough I don't know what to do since you cannot have more than that! :D The 6100 works well with Photoshop, sure the 15'' will be faster and so on, but it depends on what kind of work you do. It'd be a great buy. It's the sweet spot between power and portability
I understand what you mean. The E46 was really about the engine, the E92 was more civilized. The new one I think they're ugly ... I prefer the M4, it's a great car inside as it is on the outside and it has a great engine. The interior of this Alfa is nice, but I don't like how they are on the outside with tar triangular grill
You have a good excuse :D I was thinking that ! In that case you have to check if your tweaks are working in the latest firmware.
I agree with you, the end was a bit off the the rest of it was absolutely TopGear! Jeremy wears a tie and says he is not an old truck driver with egg on his shirt and Hammond arrives with egg on his shirt. The modifications to the truck "sports lorry". It was a normal special with a lot of laughs
March 2016 ? I believe we'll see Skylake windows machines still this year maybe October November. I'd like to see an update for both 13" and 15" MBP. Maybe January/February
I think the Iris Pro is powerful enough if you don't want to game or weavy veideo/photo editing
I solved that issue by using a different USB port
And sometimes he definitely is
how do you know he was then ? Have you ever asked him?
My list of essentials include: CCSettings Winterboard Sprintomize Apex 2 SwipeSelection A great theme I found and i'm in love with is "1ONE"
let's hope it won't be necessary
No issues here, have you restored or updated to 8.4?
It just shows the diversity of the world. You can be hated in one place and be an hero in another
that's the problem. I had the same issue. Backup your device and restore it. Then apply TaiG. Finnaly, restore from backup. Just need to add all repos to cydia. All tweaks' settings are saved in the iTunes backup
7.0 ? Oh lord ! It's better to restore. I had issues jailbreaking 8.4 as I updated from 8.3. I restored  and had no issues
Alkaline ? Why ?
I think it's nice to have a new music app but this is entirely focused on Apple Music. They don't want a separated app so this is what we got