My husband once wrote me a love letter and he decribed me as "a sparkling diamond in the rough crowd".   3  As to a non-soppy one, I would always have people in school come to me for help (usually with Science) because "you just have a great way of explaining things that actually makes sense! You should be a teacher!" THis made me happy
I am new to CC, so I keep waiting for the assholes to show up and shit all over it. But they haven't! Everyone is so nice. I hate that I am suspicious.  I am in Australia. I work in a lab, but we have a lot of staff and everyone gets their own computer, so I often find myself just sitting around Googling things. It is kinda cool, but a bit boring.  Mine was apple, carrot, spinach and ginger. It was a greeny brown and I put waaay too much ginger in it. Plus is was super chunky and I couldn't bring myself to chew it so I tried swallowing it and now it is just sitting in my stomach like a lead weight. Blergh.  My favourite recipe so far has been banana, vanilla yogurt, protein powder, honey, cinnamon, a cube of frozen lemon juice and almond milk. It tastes like breakfast! Really yummy and very filling
A bumper up my ass,  a blaring horn and a finger is a sure fire way to get me to be an asshole driver back to you.  Oh you want me to go faster? It would be a shame if I *slowed down even more!*
Hey not towards me! Go creep out someone who isn't me.  And honestly, I've heard creepier
Great, thanks :)
Shit, this kind of stuff just kills me. I need to know that this dog is hugged and kissed every day of his new life
Caramel is great. Put them in the fridge for a while and the gooey caramel bit in the centre goes chewy and it is awesome.  The black forest and dark chocolate ones are also very good because dark chocolate just works with the biscuit.  The white I am not fond of.  But overall, I just can't go past original. Bite both ends a little to expose the biscuit then shove one end in a hot chocolate and suck on it like a straw. Heaven!
LA, Vagas, NYC, Boston and Washington. Mostly tourist trap type places. I woulf love to see the South but time is a restriction
You know!
My sister has 3 kids and 3 step kids, aged 3, 6, 7, 8, 9, 9 so visits to her house are....noisy. Everyone either hates eachother and won't shut up or love eachother and won't calm down. I was lucky to just be on holiday with the youngest this week. I don't think I would have survived the hoarde.  But she was pretty vocal alone. Any question you asked her was answered with "No" until she realised what you were asking...and then it was a little whinge for not getting the thing she just said No to
He is definitely behind the 8 ball when it comes to IT. Dad often says the only thing he knows about computers is how to pay for them. You should have seen his face when we explained MP3s to him  "You mean I can get all my music on this tiny stick."  "Yes Dad."  "*All* of it?!"
No, I don't think I will. It is still uncommon in my society to hear about a case like this. Like I said, this was the first I had heard of a case like it...in recent news at least.  These are the kind of stats often quoted:  http://www.aic.gov.au/publications/current%20series/rip/1-10/07.html  There seems to be disagreement with numbers tho. Some say it is mostly male vs female, but others say it is about even
I don't believe in many things, so consider yourself lucky!   As a side note, while I am assuming your name is meant to be "frogger"..I pronounce it "furrgurr" in my head
I am going to be a little nicer about it and show you this picture:  http://farm8.static.flickr.com/7605/16727638530_bf155543d2_m.jpg  I just did some light sleuthing and it seems this Sunfigo guy uses this image a bit
I have a friend visiting this weekend from QLD. Does anyone have some recommendations for places to eat/drink, things to do, etc?   I only just moved here 6months ago, so I am not familiar with everything this fine city has to offer.   We will be based in the Eastern suburbs and don't want to blow our life savings
I knew nothing about your original post, but I was instantly able to tell this was in Australia. Both from your clothes and that gorgeous view. Is that NSW?
The hype of last season when she came down the stairs and said "shall we go?".   Last year everyone thought that was the start of her getting her littlefinger on
My husband says this to me all the time, and my response is almost the same as Sam's.  I may be intelligent, but some days it is a goddamn miracle I make it through the day without walking into oncoming traffic. My husband isn't well-educated but he just *understands* the world so much more than I.  Combined, we are an unstoppable duo and our children will be geniuses.   ...or...y'know, have the IQ of wet sock
I am going to assume that you have not experienced any of the type of catcalling I am referring to.  That single occasion wasn't the only time I have experienced something like that. I have been called a slut because I didn't respond to one man. I have been told I am ugly anyway because I didn't respond to another.   So excuse me if I make a few assumptions about men who call out to women on the street. They aren't all out to rape me, but even if it is just a wolfwhistle, it is very clear that they just don't understand how stressed out it can make women feel. What if that simple appreciate wolfwhistle I ignore is just the prelude to something more horrible? I stick by my saying "most men" because if you are a man, you would have little idea of what it is like to have strangers ogle you, call out to you, or whistle at you since you were 13 years old almost *every* time you walk down the street. I have spoken to people about this and it is common for men I speak to about it to brush it off, calling it a compliment. I did not say most men DO call out, and I did not say most men threaten to rape me, I said most men think the mild forms of catcalling are OK. If this generalisation offends you then...well that's not my problem.  On top of this, I really don't appreciate you telling me "I hope you don't have sons". I probably will have sons and I will certainly make a point of teaching them what behaviours I feel are unacceptable, which I feel includes any kind of public singling-out of women based purely on their looks.  For the record, I never once went on about "the patriarchy, the patriarchy", "rape culture" or "male privilege". I simply shared my personal experiences. They aren't wrong and you can try all you like to dismiss them, but I will use them to teach my children what is acceptable and what is not. If you think that will mess them up, then I don't want to think about what you will teach yours
Now kiss!
Sounds like normal highschool drama to me  ...except for the murders
If it is still in packaging, I would think a hospital would take it? I dunno.  I want to say an orphanage...but I actually don't even know if they exist anymore
Hey! That looks great. Still haven't got around to blocking mine yet :/  I didn't mention in my post but I also modded the last row coz I was running out of cotton!
...
Merry Christmas everyone! Just in case you aren't having an awesome day, here is a goat in a Santa hat. [X-post from r/pics]
Something small that made me smile [X-Post from r/Strong_women]   I was in a hardware store the other day, looking for some timber for a project. A little old man was in the same aisle, shuffling along while I looked over my choices, making sure they were straight.  As he came past me he leant in and said "You must be a carpenter, you look like you know what you are doing!"  I laughed and told him I wasn't but did know what I was doing.  At first I wondered the implications of what he said: That I must only know what I was doing if I was a carpenter. Why couldn't I not do carpentry as a trade and still know what I was doing?  But then I realised how uncommon it was for an elder man to make the assumption that I was a carpenter. Usually I would expect the assumption that my husband was one and I was running errands for him. He saw me as a strong, independant woman capable of doing a trade for a living.  It is something small and inconsequential, but it made me smile. I appreciated him for seeing me as woman, not a wife/girlfriend, and one who was perfectly capable of doing a "man's trade".
After being named after Ms O'Hara, I figured it was about time I watched Gone With the Wind...   And I can't believe it took me 24 years to watch it!!!  What a mastetpiece! It truly is a classic, in all senses of the word. The costumes, the sets, the music and Vivian Leigh!!! She floored me. She is so beautiful and powerful in that role. It made me so happy to have Scarlett as my namesake. She isn't nice, she isn't selfless...but she is *strong* and determined to have what she wants, and that made me love her. Yes, she was a fool when it came to love, but I guess that is what love does to us. It can make a fool of even the strongest of people.  The movie was an emotional rollercoaster and I loved every moment of it.  I stayed up til midnight to watch it and will be tired tomorrow but, frankly my dear, I don't give a damn.
Reddit, what is something you can share with me that will make me say "wow!"?   I haven't felt truly impressed in a while, so give it your best shot
[FO] I made a monkey
Japan ordered to end Antarctic whaling by top UN court
Bought some wonderfully soft 30% milk protein yarn and need ideas to use it!   http://i.imgur.com/uEcQCFI.jpg  I bought 7 x 50g balls just because they were on sale for $1.20 but now I don't know what to do with it.  It is gorgeously soft and slippery and feels magic against my skin, so I was hoping to make something like a jumper or shawl. But I haven't found any pattern that would work with the glossy, slippery nature of the yarn.  Suggestions?
I'm sure someone is going to let me know if THIS is a repost