Deleted?
Damn that's awesome!
Because if someone would survive that (and most probably he would), everything else is gonna be an anti-climax.
Exactly that. Haven't heard of locationholic though, to be honest. I'm gonna check it out.  Edit: doesn't work. I'm looking for an app that won't only change my location, but whenever I open the weather app, it won't even check it. It would update the weather just like it does with 'affixed' cities (the ones you set, as New York). Therefore it would update the weather of an affixed city and display it in the Notification Center, without checking my location and reducing much battery in the process.
How strong are psilocybin mushrooms?
sometimes i cry   and its ok  its ok
17/M/Israel   Just found this subreddit. Anyways, my name's Daniel, Jewish (wasn't hard to guess), not religious though. I did have Brit Milah, which generally means some Rabbi cut my dick when I was a few weeks old (just like any other Jewish child in Israel), so... yeah. Not the best kind of introduction, I guess. Anyway, I use WhatsApp so if you wanna talk send me a PM.
Makes sense. My depression began two years ago, and it's been getting worse recently.   The reason I asked you this is because sometimes when you think about the origin of your depression, in my experience, it makes you understand that the situation today isn't as it was back then. Things ain't what they used to be. You're left with the emotions you experienced back then, but if you think about that experience, you basically challenge these thoughts. Hell, you can even replace them with new ones.  I feel it doesn't help anyone, but I encourage you to take some fifteen minutes today to run memories backwards and think about the origin of your depression. Do it in a comfortable enviorment and let me know the results.
true savage  how old are you OP
People speak what they know. However, you can't ignore the facts. Would you say smoking is healthy, for instance? You look at the numbers.    Each year, an estimated 443,000 people die prematurely from smoking or exposure to secondhand smoke, and another 8.6 million live with a serious illness caused by smoking.  Now, of course, everything is deeper than numbers. Sometimes numbers do lie, as there's not a single recorded death of someone who died of marijuana, but people did jump of rooftops while they were high.   Don't think I'm an old conservative about drugs. I'm seventeen, and while I'm still inexperienced in the area I think ignoring so many numbers and studies, and basing your opinion on a drug STRICTLY on your experience from it - well, it's kinda ignorant.   Sorry if did sound like a conservative at the end. Overall, I don't think my argument would matter to someone because everyone has the right to smoke and do whatever they want.
Why doesn't it show contrast? A nuclear bomb, an amusement park. So maybe it's not particularly for a nuclear weapon but violence, wars, and I don't know what kind of message he wanted to deliver but this image shows both the connection and the contrast between the two.   Plus, no art, even a chilidish one, is supposed to make sense on first sight. Yes, you can say it's poorly done and it's your opinion, but I don't think this kid should be laughed about for this.  Btw, sorry for any English mistakes. I'm not from the US. I'm seventeen, for the record.
Just do pushups man. I promise you that if you do 10 reps every time you go to the bathroom, you'll start seeing difference VERY quickly.   And obviously soon enough you could do more than 10 reps.   To eat healthy, you must first see the outcomes of not eating healthy. For example, I noticed every time I eat these salty snacks, my skin gets just plain awful. Therefore, my brain automatically rejects it and searches for something else instead.
I know. She called today, and I was this close to telling her but I didn't know how. She thinks I'm normal, because I always laugh and sit quietly around the house, and I don't know how she would respond.   I'm gonna tell her anyway. I need to do that, I know.   Thank you for the support.
Thank you so much for the response. It really made me greatful to know that you care. I feel so bad not knowing what to do, and I'm glad you're standing behind me. I will keep you updated.
This is just bad. Nothing more.
Call me an asshole, but I find it so dumb when someone has to express how much they're dying of laughter right now.
What kind of therapy do you go to?   I may tell them I'm depressed, that I really do have a mental illness and that I wanna go see a doctor. I'm only afraid of what if they ask questions, and eventually I'm gonna say that it all began with a girl.   It's gonna sound pathetic, but when I think about it now, I think I could work this out. Maybe I'd tell my mother, I think she'd understand me more. I'd ask her to keep it a secret - and just visit a doctor to see what's wrong and how we can continue from there.   What do you think?
Watch Tony Robbins.
I haven't told anyone about my writing. It's one of the few things that keep me passionate in life, that gives purpose to my depression. I like it. Anxiety makes me imagining things turning out wrong, but for some reason it's not like that with writing. I imagine myself turning out as a good author, even though I'm only seventeen and English isn't my native language.  Anyways, I feel better now. Thanks. (:
YES. Geez, you read me so well! I listened to the acoustic version like a thousand times and YES, those lines in that version were orgasmic.   I think Justin's voice sound much better without all the effects he put into Bon Iver, Bon Iver. On the other hand, I cannot imagine songs like Perth and Holocene without such effects.  By the way, if we share the same passion for Justin's original voice, you should check out [Beth/Rest Rare Book Room Version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qv9Aj_2julQ) if you haven't done that by now.
In the time period you choose the most interesting time period of all games. In the environment you choose the city (or if you prefer the oceans in Black Flag) that were most fascinated by.
This is absolutely glorious.
I've never tried that. I did find a bunch of ps4 savegames, so I suppose it's simply a matter of copying.
I'm personally a great fan of the Assassin's Creed franchise and owned every single game in special edition's, and I confess that some games (especially Black Flag), weren't that great and even terrible.   However, Unity is absolutely grand. Sure, there're a few FPS drops (On PS4, I don't know how are thing on the PC), and there're a few bugs but overall I found this game amusing and interesting. I can see the amazing work Ubisot has put into this game and honestly, after playing it almost 20 full hours, I simply cannot understand the terrible reviews this game received.  This, in my opinion, outranks Assassin's Creed 2 which I used to consider one of the best action-adventure games ever. I agree with everything said and I think the devs should be praised AT LEAST for the enormous effort they put into this game, even while some may discourage them for the bugs, story etc.
Justin Vernon rapping
This made me hate modern world.
Never works.
Thanks for the answer. Perhaps you know the name of his agent?  P.S. Obviously I don't have any bad intentions. I enjoy his music, and I wanna try my luck in getting in touch with him (not physically).
Most of them probably did.
Electronics provide the 'easy way'. My characters can only wish for those.
Thesaurus! Thesaurus!
Windows 8.1