[Last several polls in the low 40s, one in the mid 30s. This is a big jump for her.](http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/2016_democratic_presidential_nomination-3824.html)
The issue is Americans don't like socialists. Most Americans would never vote for one. Sanders starts already behind because he admits he's socialist-now he has to try and explain to those in the middle that he's a special kind of socialist, not the scary kind.
Polls randomly dial landlines and cell phones and ask questions to obtain a representative sample. Of course people who are 18 or who don't vote frequently get polled.
If establishment media, the ones who produce these polls - WasPo, NYT, Wall St. Journal, Fox - weren't actively trying to diminish Sanders' campaign then I would agree would you.  Now you're venturing into tin foil hat conspiracy territory. There's no concerted effort to push down your candidate just like there wasn't one for Ron Paul. He gets less than 20% in national polls. He's behind in all states. Clinton leads by 40 points. He's a distant second and thus isn't going to get a front page story on the NYT everyday. The newspapers pay a polling firm to poll for them. These firms make their money by being accurate; they're hired by candidates, PACs, business, etc. They'd go out of business.
He's godlike...
"This is what UCLA professor Lynn Vavreck dubs the 'discovery, scrutiny, decline' pattern. Party activists discover a shiny new candidate as an alternative to the races front-runner, usually when the campaign is just beginning. The insurgent faces press scrutiny and then, typically, declines."
Clinton leads nomination by 41 points in latest poll, beats all Republican candidates by double digits. Sanders lags behind Biden.
I didn't ask how you thought it would turn out, I asked if I was legally able to. If I am legally able to this could work out really well for me actually. Thanks  Sounds like this confrontation is going to go great.
Is this a real question? Of course they do.
Like what?
I love the way this sub is turning into a circle jerk of starred users mocking OP.   You're certainly free to make your own legal advice sub where everything is super serious business and every word a poster makes is the gospel truth.    Check the other posts made today.  All useful advice, no mockery.  Sometimes mockery is deserved.
You're joking, right?  Nope.  Totally serious.
Same question I asked jcar128, how can simply telling an officer I know my rights are being violated hurt more than help?  Officers have wide discretion on how to handle a traffic stop.  You could have committed three infractions but a cop might only ticket you for one since you were polite and respectful.  If you go through with your plan, the cops won't cut you any breaks.  When you go to court, the cop will communicate with the prosecutor regarding your behavior meaning the prosecutor won't cut you any breaks.  Also keep in mind you can be arrested and taken to a police station for something as small as speeding.  If you're annoying enough, a cop can do that, and it would not be illegal in the slightest.
We want to see the questions answered, not a bunch of people competing for comedy upvotes.  Can you provide some other examples where people did not get any advice whatsoever? I read almost every thread and I can tell you that's a small small minority.
I am not going to pay the remainder of the invoice as he did not diagnose and repair the unit as agreed.  You are required to pay him as per your agreement.  If the job is more complicated that's not his fault, and he shouldn't be paid less for those reasons.  Am I within my rights here?  It does not appear so, no.   I am going to send a certified letter stating this. Anything I should add?  A check for the balance that you owe.
WHATCHA GONNA DOOOOOOOOO WHEN POPCORN RUNS WIIIIILLLD ON YOUUUUUUUU?!?
And if you're not happy with the free advice you get, you can go pay for better advice.
A part of me tells me to just let it go.   Listen to that part.
driving with a non-zero BAC below the legal limit is not legally considered to be impaired driving  Yes, it is.  You can absolutely get a DUI for BAC under the legal limit.  If your BAC is over .08, you are presumed to be impaired.  That doesn't mean if you're impaired and driving at .07 that you get off scot free.  There's simply more that the State has to do to prove your impairment.
5 years
I get what you are saying but the reality is that on college campuses sex with strangers is a regularity.   False rape accusations do NOT happen with regularity.  If you're concerned about it that much, only have sex with people you trust.  Don't have a one night stand.
You're using big words but in the end you're both just kids. You can offer no counsel to him that would be worthwhile. He needs an attorney if he's going to have the best possible outcome.
'll be totally honest that's not a helpful answer.   Yes, it is.  The fact that it isn't what you wanted to hear does not make it any less helpful.
I've never heard the term used in the North East, and I've known many mixed race, or biracial, people.  If you google it, you get results that refer to it as a derogatory term.  It's archaic in the majority of the United States.  I certainly wouldn't refer to someone as a negro or colored, just as I wouldn't refer to them as mulatto.  The fact that your cousins are okay with it doesn't change that.
Has she been asking those attorneys for work? Her looks have nothing to do with it. Also your daughter is an adult and needs to be solving her own problems. Having her parents try to help her out isn't going to take her far. Offer her encouragement but otherwise she needs to work this out on her own.
I'll flip it around. It a simple waiver of all liability was so simple, why doesn't everyone use them all the time? Why are there any lawsuits?  Signing a waiver may show assumption of the risk. However, that does not absolve you from any and all lawsuits. You can't act in a negligent manner and expect not to get sued.
Well, listen, you can certainly take a shot but I don't know how successful you'll be.  The only thing you're at all likely to recover is the difference in costs.  You won't get your legal fees back, and you won't get any kind of public acknowledgement that you were right and they were wrong.  Also the Attorney General doesn't just give out opinions based on a citizen complaint that they were overcharged 15 bucks.  The AG is the attorney for the government.  People say this here often and it's usually a stupid idea, but IF you're correct going to local media might be a good idea.
[It's always the other one!](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mbxydkIMtu1qleraio3_250.gif)
Will I be penalized for fighting the ticket and being found guilty rather than going straight to the prosecutor and ask for a no point charge?  If you appear before the judge and get anything other than a dismissal to all charges, you will be assessed court costs.  Speaking to the prosecutor and asking for a different charge will still require you to appear before the judge and plea to the new charge.  Your chances of being found not guilty to all charges are essentially zero.  Additionally, the prosecutor can and likely will speak to the cop before agreeing to anything.  If the cop remembers the speeding issue you can be issued a ticket for that as well.
Did he explain why he is not going to do anything about it?
New Jersey does not offer a no contest plea.
Okay bro.