"Im positive He dead" Django Unchained
A shame you dont see more in the story of Avatar. An avid film fan you seem to be, there is so much more than eye candy. It highlights the flaws of the human race, it shows a world that has evolved without technology, has a wonderful love story, great characters in the brainy female scientist, hardenered war Captain, and the handicapped rebel. Makes powerful statements on war and the field of conscinoues. But if you cant see its more than eye candy i feel sorry for you as its such a joy.     How can the setting not be more original? Pandora is an orignal world. Cmon now. The theme and conflict in TWBB are very much the same as the Godfather and endless movies about rise to power. The characters and acting(didnt mention) are better but one film has DDL one doesnt so that shuts the case on those 2 aspects.     Again i love TWBB, but wish you could see more in Avatar. People tend to get lost in the CGI and not focus on the wonderful story or concepts. Sling blade doesnt even come close imo
Ok fair point. Where do you get the idea there is a replica machine from?
Get a life, and i see you are determined to get the last word so have it. I will not respond anymore but just knowing i mind fucked the shit out of you is enough for me. Good day kiddo
Bill Russel 11 rings
Fair enough
Name your personal Top 5 movies.   Let me know your favorite top 5, in order. Im not worried about most awards highest grossing(if you are in to that and base your rankings off that, thats cool too) but your favorite films. I will offer mine feel free to comment.      1.Goodfellas     2.Apacolypse Now     3.Reservoir Dogs      4The departed      5.Avatar       EDIT. Thanks for all the responses ive enjoyed looking though them, keep em coming. It looks like PULP FICTION is the most mentioned!!!
To be fair AA goes beyond slavery, and has to do with equal rights that were fairly recently made into a level playing field.     I understand where you are coming from though. I simply support AA because its an attempt to level the mind set caused by this very long history of unfairness to blacks. Is it in turn unfair to whites? Yes. Anyone who says it isnt is wrong. Is it nessacary to implement changes in cultures and mind sets? This is debateable but imo yes it is.     You make great points on other immigrants discriminated on. Take the irish for another case. But most of these immigrants had equal rights not offered to the blacks. Thats the difference.
An opinion has always existed, most people then think the jurors were idiots and same as now. Although i have seen polls as of 2014/15 that showed the majority of blacks believe he is guilty, directly the opposite to polls after the trial. With the increase of believers its reasonable to assume more have accepted the widely presumed theory that the jurors were morons, hence recent times.     I also dont think the jurors final decision is always right although in this case they were based on the cases presented before them. Had the evidence been presented properly and the verdict was still not guilty i would consider the decision wrong and the jurors morons.
Its a damn shame really. And if this case is prosecuted properly, he is convicted. In my personal opinion the shoes is the most damning evidence of all, it proves OJ is lying. They simply ignored this aspect and missed the widely obtainable photo.      Its unpopular because he obviously commited the murders and people DV this because of it. But you are right a product of the justice system, a system where the truth is disregarded for who can argue best.
Zombie takes a lot of his inspiration from the horror films of the seventies. House of a 1000 corpses was a sort of tribute to that, looking at it in that light it was very well done. Take the budget into account as well.      I think he is a very good director who has yet to tap into his true potential. I think he is severely underrated. I can't wait to see what he does next, and will undoubtedly watch and support his upcoming films.
You are an idiot.
They do believe in Jesus and Moses but they are not of the same importance as they are in the bible. Mohamed is basically there Jesus.      The Islamic faith has had over 100,000 prophets maybe more, Jesus and Moses were just one of the many. Allah sent prophets to each people throughout history. Allah sent Mohamed as a proheptic messenger for all mankind not just a specific people.     Your original premise might be right, I'm really not sure about that. I just wanted to clarify a bit.
Lol maybe......
For one hes got more playmakers on def. What are you basing "talent" on? Lucks' team stacked with weapons last year. Plus he got beat so bad look like he shouldnt even been there.
Doggie style, nothing crazy here. Great view of the ass and ample opportunity for tity grabbing
Every song is great, how can you not mention The ocean, the song remains the same, or threst really. They have some popular songs but its never on any top 100 list and always overshadowed by Zeppelin 2 and untitled.     To me its the best ever, at least top 20 taking in different genres, but if it aint in the top 20 underrated imo.       If you are looking for more obscure, Silvertides' "Show and tell". Great unknown album, sounds like the Black crowes meets Ac/Dc. Aint coming home is an unknown anthem
Creationism
Your reasoning is from 1950. Tattos are much more accepted today and as long as you dont have a rare job of being in the public eye its a non issue.
Hell yeah. I dont have a crank but like a push n pull Top machine. I roll my own from time to time limits the amount i smoke of marlboros. And has helped financially to.     I just find my throat gets a little irritated when i smoke too many home rolled and the tabacco just dont tatse the same.
Havent seen that one yet.     I also think the jinx hbo documentary will stand the test of time, that shit was crazy and wildly entertaining
Maybe, but tell me that didnt make you laugh? When i hear sterotypes my mind goes to the venomous MD
Just watched this fight, Wow. Easily one of the best ive seen.
Religion shapes a warped view of reality. Most religions are not compatable with what we know about the world today. Not having a religion does not make a person cease to ask the questions that are important to us all, we just look for these answers without using fairy tales.      It seems ludicrous to me to believe a book from 2000 years ago, obviously written by people who had no idea how the universe worked. Much more reasonable to look for answers from those who do.
We become the plague that unleashes the Plague.   I really enjoyed this, the flow you write with is impressive. It kind of grabs you and never lets go to the end. One of the better stories ive read so far. In a very distant way reminded of the stand by king. Thanks for sharing
im not being critical and you can choose to see it that way. Im either addressing the fact they didnt answer the questions, only answered one, or askin them to elaborate on answers.    I dont see that as aggressive but i see at as inquirying further those who are interested enough to reply. If you dont like it thats ok i dont feel alot of posters see it that way     EDIT: i also believe some people read just the title and skip the description, so some just might not know im looking for more than the title
Np
Good point on my CMV ill have to rephrase that, as i can see that implying the wrong intention.    Let me start by this, by trying not to use power, would you agree the n word is widely considered the nastiest most looked down upon racist slur? Its more powerful(cant find another way to express) than cracker spic fag, etc.?
Its a nessacary part of living, as natures laws teach us the path of least resistance. It is neither good or bad, the options you take to complete these nessacary survival steps become good and evil.     I have answered this question if you kindly look through the thread before you pose existing questions.
Morals do not come from religion.   I think it's quite unreasonable to assume morals come from religion, even a Christian reading the bible can tell the immoral things that are happening throughout the bible. It can't be the grounds of morality, if itself isn't grounded.     Simply have to name a moral action a believer can do that a non believer could not do.
If you are a Christian and believe in evolution where does original sin come from?   If you are not a creationist and believe evolution, how does Adam and Eve fit into your religion. If the Adam and Eve story is for interpretation not to be taken literally then where does original sin come from?     If you believe in creationism and Adam and Eve story literally, how does this fit together in your religious understanding of the two?     EDIT the point of this post is not to Offend but an attempt to understand
The prestige, the machine does not work, why do you think differently or agree??   I have watched the film many times, close to twenty. It makes more sense that it doesnt work, really the only thing that makes sense imo. There are clues everywhere in the movie once you grasp the timeline and Angier and Bordens never ending deception (this includes angier's last attempt to fool borden at the very end).      I wont go into specifics here, but will debunk the theories presented in the discussion. Whether you agree or disagree completely let me know what you think.    EDIT: SPOILER ALERTS