Number of U.S. Children Living in Poverty Spikes
All hail The State Authority! Thank you Comrade Warren
You could make that argument for anything then. If we all chip-in in taxes, then whatever the majority says so, gets paid for through the tax system via the State Authority, and therefore is a "right". I view rights as something you are free to pursue, but cannot be one persons claim on some one elses labor. But I see your argument clockworkgirl21.  Edit: sorry I realized later that I was arguing another point about healthcare being a "right". Not about the smaller paycheck versus taxes.
Alternate headline. Thanks to the ACA, average woman has other working people paying $255 for her birth control pills.
She doesn't really hate America. She hates those little insignificant people who work in places like bakeries and restaurants. Ewe, those icky unwashed masses.
This one is awesome
My cat is missing a top fang and his mouth does that same thing. I wonder if this cat is missing an upper fang too.
Memorial Day has nothing to do with the founding of the United States.
I missed the paragraph in the "social contract" where I end up paying for the electricity someone else uses?
The vote was about late term abortions
I think I'm there about four time a week which means 200 times per year. I'm prepared! He he
My car storage box is a Taco Bell condiment station
I can catch a cold over a telephone call. I like this.
There is always a point when I'm looking through "Mildly Interesting" when I physically laugh out loud because it is the perfect three way intersection of:  1. Me realizing I need to get an actual life.  2. The mind numbing randomness of this whole subreddit.  3. Then seeing a great post like this one and saying to myself "hey, that's pretty cool".  And all is right with the universe once again. This was that post. (And the dryness of the title is the trigger).
Saw Shaq at The Mall at Millenia last week in Orlando. His size attracts lots of attention. (look at her face) He is a friendly guy to everyone.
Which one's normal?
Did anyone kick you out of their stores...anyone at all? I didn't think so.
yup...fits with the mildyinteresting
That didn't look too bad. Almost like her foot scooped him squarely in his torso.
Obama said it was "up to the Iranians to choose their government, but sometimes their governments acts poorly". That was Obama's way of staying away from the Green Revolution controversy but claiming he was taking a stance, That is a joke. Those words had no different impact than if he really would have said "trust your Mullahs" (which he didn't). But explain exactly how Obama's mild lip-service was anything but a tacit support of the status quo in Iran. http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/318891#.T0xSqdSGBFs.facebook
Were you allergic to nuts?
Fry's dog turned into Dolomite
All that did was make me hungry for Pop Tarts.
Was that a $600 iPhone that he dropped into the water?
I was trying to be funny..tee hee
So cool. Is this in New Jersey?
That's dumb
The first one with the baby was great. The Trump one made me laugh too. They were all good.
Looks like a staging area for transportation. Boat or truck.
People who wear jeans and sandals. They're trying too hard for the laid back image. Bunch'a d!ckheads if you ask me.
Do they own 50% of the cars. Eat 50% of the food? Utilize 50% of the medicine? Do they buy and hoard any of these? If these 80 people died tomorrow and their money erased it would have zero impact on the remaining 6 billion of us in the world. I could care less how many zeros are on there Merrill Lynch bank statements.
look at that skinny-mini in the white tank top. Super nice looking!