Yeah,
Better come to terms with it [1920x1080]
I don't. Well, more precisely I didn't until yesterday when I got the Followers doctor as a companion. I forgot about him though, because he got stuck in that underground fighting arena/refuses to go out. So technically, I have a companion. I guess.
That is the point when we become figurative hivemind. It is not perfect, but in a way the internet connects our very brains together. I mean, look at Reddit. It's a fascinating concept.
I would love if more companies did this more often. For example, if HL3 was released tomorrow.   RemindMe! 5 months "Sock-eating"
No, people keep asking, though, so here's a copypasta of the explanation:  It has to do with panting. "Funt" means to pant in Czech and when I was little and used to go to school with my sister I would pant because she was bigger and older than me and I had problems to catch up with her. Idk exactly when it happened, but she called me "funk" a couple of times, I think, and I made a nickname out of it later. It is not easily translatable, but I think "the little one who pants" could be fitting.
Can't help it, shit's tasty.  [](/sexiestemote)
Wow, that's a nice touch.
Glorious.
I wish I would be able to follow the drama, but I am flegmatic and don't care.
Aah, a game just for me.
I hated playing it because of only one reason - it frikkin scared me. I don't like horror games - I can play some, though, like more action ones like L4D or KF -, call me a chicken but I can't do it.   On my first playthrough I got scared shitless almost to the end of Ravenholm and I stopped playing there until two years later (recently), when I thought fuck it and finished the game with cheats - it made it much easier for me. Subsequently I made it through E1 and I have yet to complete E2.  I think best thing about HL games is the world itself, the lore, the story and the atmosphere - it is mysterious, alien, attractive, and desolate. I am no big HL fan, but there is much to be read about it on the internet.
I had always had obsolete PCs, mostly second-hand - I had spent a good amount of time gazing at screenshots in game magazines, drooling and dreaming. I had never thought I would ever play those shiny shiny games. I know very well the ails of lowest setting gaming and slow 90s PCs. The breaking point came a year ago when I knew I would have a part-time job and I was wiser and knew that my dream could come true, especially thanks to Reddit.  Prior to the building I thoroughly went through every BaPC guide and BaPC-recommended guide to learn how to build a PC, I even went through rookie-mistake-horrors threads. When I finally picked the parts after some googling and consideration, I asked here if it is good and subsequently changed over half of the parts according to advice. I am not a good picker, I guess.  The building itself went good, though I was nervous as hell and it took me all day. Like "Gosh, my fingers sweat so much, argh, my hard-earned two-month pay have just gone out of window it will all burn out on the first go" everytime I touched anywhere. I don't think I should worry so much about touching the components, should I? The feeling when it turned on was worth it, though.  The sad thing is, I remember how to connect and take out parts and whatnot (during building I was surprised that I almost didn't need a guide how to connect the parts together, it is very obvious - literally, as BaPCers say, like a Lego), but by now I have wholly forgotten what to look for when picking parts (unlike some people here who just go to the store and casually pick up good compatible parts), but I suppose I can consult the internet when the need arises.
[The thing](http://i.imgur.com/mvuWddE.png)
Dank meta, if you ask me.
She used to be a slut, but now she isn't. I kind of wish she was a slut. Don't say anything, her past does not define her. Get ur hands off me waifu, you'll make it dirty.
me irl
Haha, not available in my country. IN YOUR FACE! (btw I wouldn't have minded)
I saw a hobo with crapped pants once, and he obviously was way past the point of no return. This person must have the same mindset as the said hobo - it's sad. If a shit-stained underwear doesn't bother you, then you're probably too far gone.
I skimmed through, just a bunch of dentist/medical stuff, nothing really interesting (aside from the very hot student, of course). I guess she is studying to be either a dentist or a nurse (if it's legit and not scripted).  BTW at the end when she squirts the teacher comes to her and discovers what she was doing and is berating her, it gets extremely awkward, a boner killer. Geez, we all should learn to just pass things like this in silence, discreetly, we are sexual beings, after all.
HL3? Maybe, idk. A new mascot guy? I don't see why not, but there is only one change so far, so there is no sign that is should be a pattern.  BTW the current one with the head turning is pretty creepy imo.
Hitler
Is the number of procedurally generated stars/planets realistic?   Often I have problems with the scale of this game and I think "Wait, real galaxies have fucking lots of stars, but it can't be this much.". I am in disbelief when I fly across any galaxy.
Cute
Czequestria: Only a handful of tickets left
Went on Christianity sub again   I sometimes go there to see what retarded things people say there, and it never fails me laugh. But it also enrages me a little, when I what turds can people spew of their mouths, and how ignorant some of them are - religion serves them as an excuse to not seek reason, to abandon critical thinking, to embarras themselves. Cattle do not see the stars and think they are special in the universe. In comparsion with immersity of the universe, we are uncomparably less than nothing.  I hope there won't be a shortage of people who publicly present reason, science, atheism etc. to people, because I have a grave feeling that it might actually be possible for the world to become a place where non-believers would be put ot death, if there would be no vocal opposition.  Just wanted to get this off my chest, carry on, or discuss it, if you wish.
U wot m8? (cross-post from /r/KerbalSpaceProgram)
DAE know this obscure show? I've got a DVD.
[REQUEST][Steam] Octodad: Dadliest Catch   I am browsing interwebs and what i don't see like announcement that the Octodad sequel finally came out! I am extremely happy, but i remember i ran out of my allowance for this month and will have to wait and buy it when it will be not on sale anymore.  So please, if someone could give it to me, i would be very grateful and make sure to pay it forward later.  [My SteamID](http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561197997373039)
I hate my life :D   I flew to the Mun and collected high amount of scientific data, but i underestimated needed power to get back to Kerbin, and poor Kerbal must have EVAed (of course with data) and set himself on stable orbit. So i send first rescue - it was a probe with four solar panels, i don't know how, but i managed to position the way that no light could reach them, thus rendering probe dead. For my second try i attached two 1x6 automatic panels to it and i even managed to get rendezvous orbit - but in the wrong way! Now i am going for my third try. Wish me luck!  EDIT: Finally! That was insane, it took 4 tries before i managed to pick up poor Kerbal, and then i had to position vessel hanging on a parachute so he won't fall off his seat (another valuable lesson - always using capsules).
Small things :)
My cat is cute   When my cat lies somewhere, she put her legs and tail under her so she looks like a little furry blobby bean. It's adorable.  I just wanted to share with you.