I use CJS keys, but I think they're a UK company. It's all online, so it shouldn't matter, but all prices are in !  http://www.cjs-cdkeys.com/products/Final-Fantasy-XIV%3A-A-Realm-Reborn-60-Day-Timecard.html  **Quick note, what I've linked is an _EU_ time card. Careful!**
I think I'll manage. I've got some understanding friends around me. It was just late last night and I had to get it out of me - rant blog was perfect for it.  Thanks though. :) I appreciate the offer.
wow    such fish          amazing                          colours wow     wet           cold
As some of the posters have already said - there's no need to label yourself or just jump right into the deep end.   I made my first 'sona almost a decade ago now, but it's only within the last few months I've decided "I'm a furry"  I don't let the label dictate me, nor the fandom. I'm also a brony, writer, doodler, and Asexual.  All of those have all sorts of different stereotypes, yes, they make me what I am today, but don't let one label get you down if you feel you _have_ to use that label.
Yep. That too.  ;-;
Red XIII (Nanaki) from Final Fantasy 7.  He's that silent badass who always has a minute to listen to his friends.  I have him, and his tattoo tattoo'd onto me. 16 years since I decided he was my favourite character, and he's still there.
Bolton's a bit shit, not much goes on here. Half the town is shut, and it's a bit scary walking down Manchester road at night.  I think the only thing interesting about the place is this little tidbit:  In 1651 the Earl of Derby was executed for his part in the Bolton Massacre outside the Man and Scythe  Also, another fun fact: I live 2 minutes down th' road from The "Phoenix Club", which I promptly clip people around th' lug'oles, and say "It's the St Gregory's club, you prick."  But I do quite like our accent.
Yeah, was jus' gonna say myself. Go look at "___ Goes to the Dentist" vids on youtube. Some of the inane babble some of them talk is _really_ funny.
You get laughed at? Damn.. Whenever I tell people, I just get "Huh, interesting. Well, whatever."  I have had the odd giggle, but what can they do about it?   To be fair though, I stopped caring years ago. I have ponies sat on top of my monitor, I have the asexual flag on the back of my car. I am what I am and I ain't changing for no-one, nor am I hiding it.  It's hard to "Let go", but it's probably the best thing I did. Heck, if you don't make a big deal of it, no-one cares. If the topic comes up, mention it. People are more likely to take it in stride and roll with it.
I'm in my "repayment year" - I've dubbed it. Chances are, I won't be applying for credit, rent or anything for a year or two yet. (Still at home)  I'm going to pay off this Payday loan, then clear off my credit card. then slowly start building up some savings. I was stupid in my teens and kept digging too deep buying gadgets and useless stuff.
These guys were going off the deep end. " show quality is shit compared to season 1." " this episode is the shark jump"  I'm sat here like. "dude. It's got John de Lancie in it and it was fun to watch. WHAT'S THE MATTER WITH YOU?!"
[I have plenty of poni](http://imgur.com/MB10O), all bought sober. These 4 were merely done while drunk and sober me had no knowledge of this. :D  I collect things. All the things.  [](/twigrin "It shall all be mine!")
1. If it comes up in conversation, I'll say "Yeah, I'm Asexual". Though I have an Asexy bumper sticker. :D  2. Not that I can recall, I've never "wanted" to have sex and all that, just after getting to know some people "Hey, she'd be pretty cool to sit on the sofa and cuddle with"  3. Yes and no.. Sometimes I'll get the urge, It's a very tiny urge, easily ignorable. A few minutes and it goes away, nothing I'd act upon, even in a relationship.  4. If you call "Cuddling on the sofa and maybe eating ice cream" a sexual fantasy, go for it!  5. Intimacy is kind of important, but not a deal breaker, One of my favourite things to do when I used to hang out with my ex (We split for distance..) was just cuddle on the sofa.  [](/twismile "I Mean, who'd pass on snuggling on the sofa?!")
Snacks? You want snacks?  Banana's are bitchin'.  Peel that sucker and bam! Instant fruity goodness.
I played with Symbian in 2010 and deemed it "Perfect for what I use it for".  Then months down the line, Nokia was all "Yeah, we're going Windows phone now."  Counting down the days for my "Contract renewal". Sim only, Nexus 4 here I come!
I WILL QUOTE SUM 41 ALL I LIKE FRIEND.  BUT THANK YOU  YOU MADE ME REALISE HOW FUCKING AWESOME I COULD BE. I'M GOING TO GET HOME FROM WORK LATER AND I'M GOING TO OPEN THOSE BOOKS AND EAT THE WORDS WITH MY EYES.  THEY WILL BE DELICIOUS.
I'm a bit of a mix of both here. I'm a brony, but I despise those who post damn near everything about ponies.   I keep my ponies to the relevent subs, but my avatars (almost everywhere) are ponies. I try to be very pony quiet - posting ponies only in /r/mylittlepony and the fansite I'm on (for ponies) and I keep discussion relevent everywhere else  The avatars throw people right off though, but I just like the pastel coloured bastards so much.
Royal Republic - We are the Royal  In Flames - Clayman, all the way up to Sounds of a Playground Fading  Pendulum - Immersion  Linkin Park - Hybrid Theory, Minutes to Midnight and A Thousand Suns
Thanks! Very informative. We give him antihistamines in his food, which usually does the trick. I'll keep on top of it next year.
They're pretty common out in the far reaches of the Andromeda, but the areas close to the transporter gates are squeaky clean, although the songs you speak of aren't really well known any more. It's all about the thumping basslines and the wacky synthesiser in most places.  Don't get me started on the "Dames". You wouldn't believe how many times I've been tailing a guy and he's sent a fine lookin' lass over to "see" me. More often than not, it's a distraction. They're easy to spot when they're only a distraction. Comes with the job.
[Fiction] IAmA Intergalactic Private Investigator.    Can't talk too much about my latest quarry, hell, don't know much about him myself yet.   It's the year 2150 in standard Earth (Not like that means much anymore..), though the rest of the Universe has their calendars set at 6630.  I have a small frigate I pilot alongside my ship's AI, Toan  Ask me Anything!
This one might need a bit of backstory to understand  Okay, so, back in September 2010, I had a tyre blow out on me on the motorway. I spun out and collided with the barrier twice, car was totalled.  Shortly after, I shaved all my hair off (It was a big deal, it was halfway down my back, had been growing it for about 6 years) I think I might have had a slight mental breakdown.  Anyway, I work with some very lax guys, not at all afraid of offending.  When I turned up to work with no hair, they fell off chairs laughing. Serial Killer [Raoul Moat](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_Northumbria_Police_manhunt) was all over the news, and I apparently looked like him.  I am now nicknamed Raoul.
Alright, at my computer now, I can type without driving myself insane.  I can't really explain asexuality, since it's all I've really known sexuality-wise. All I know is, I have no attraction to anyone really. I can walk down a street of the hottest people in the world, and I probably wouldn't bat an eyelid or turn around, stare at chests, etc. (Well, maybe a little)  There's the various types of asexuals - Aromantic Asexuals (No interest in sex or a romantic relationship) and then there's the various Romantic Asexuals: Heteroromantic, Homoromantic, panromantic, etc.  I specifically identify as a Heteroromantic Asexual - I desire a relationship, but all that relationship would ideally consist of is hugs, cuddles, maybe some kisses, and generally sharing life together.  I know for a fact that won't happen unless I'm extremely lucky.  Some Asexuals in relationships might maintain an active sex life just because of their partner's needs, but won't pursue them to return the favour, so to speak.  That's probably the best way I can explain it. there's a subreddit ([/r/asexuality](/r/asexuality)) and [AVEN](http://www.asexuality.org/home/) (Asexual Visibility and Education Network) which can give _waaaaay_ more info than I can.
I'm writing one at the moment. I have a backstory and an ending in mind. The rest is as it goes.  Though i'm doing a _lot_ of procrastination on that.   I'd say so!
Just throwing my thoughts out from last night   So, today (Yesterday? Meh. it's 1am) was my birthday, and I got to thinking. What the fuck am I doing? I mean, yes, I'm planning this whole internet/gaming caf thing out, but there's this part of me that knows I'm pretty much secure in this job that I have right now. It's boring as fuck though, and I've been doing it for two years now.  (and that's only because I got shifted department. I did 3 1/2 years in the most soul sucking department ever known to have existed, and I'd still be there now if it wasn't for the fact that I slacked off a bit.)  I digress  I'm a big fat pansy when it comes to security. I've been working almost every day since I was 13. It started with my little paper round I picked up, and since then, my jobs have overlapped each other, only leaving the prior once the workload eventually sent me mad. So that puts me at nearly 10 years working. I went to college for a year (Americans, College here is 16-18. University is 18+) I dropped out after a year, because I couldn't fucking stand it.  Unless I grow a fucking backbone and learn that being a fucking warehouse lackey is an "Inbetween jobs" job and that I should kick my own ass into finding funding and property for my ideas, I'm going to be stuck there for years and years and years. Even the prospect of that pisses me off.  On another point - I live in England. Our nightlife, like many others revolves around getting drunk, flirting, pulling and eventually having sex. Mostly. Girls won't even look at me twice if they're not drunk.  Here's my problem. I'm not much of a drinker. I'll go out, maybe have a few bevvies, hang out with the lads, then the girls are completely wasted and start flirting with everyone. Every fucker in that bar is out for a one night stand - I'm Asexual - no fucking interest in sex whatso-fucking-ever. Going out on a weekend is a waste of my money, and a waste of my time.  Every few weeks, I lie in bed, thinking. "What the fuck, man. Everyone you know is getting girls, getting engaged and being happy. What have you got? Fucking no-one." I get sad as hell, and start thinking I'm destined to live alone, that creepy dude living in that flat upstairs all on his own, never leaving except to work. But what the fuck am I to do? I sure as hell don't give a fuck about sex (Aha, pun!), so any relationship I wish to pursue will end up falling apart after a few weeks, because "He's that guy who never puts out, even for his girlfriend"  There. Vent over. If you read it... thanks, I guess?
Currently [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JETHNPLV7Tk). It'll probably stick for a while too.
[Faggots](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faggot_%28food%29)  Confuse them!  I sent one of my snackexchange buddies some cadbury's chocolate bars (all the types - Standard/Fruit+nut/turkish delight/Caramel) and they seemed to go down well.  also, Wispas! Wispa gold, too, if you can spot them - I saw one the other day at the garage near my place.
Oh damn! What area of Manchester were you in? I'm going to Hazard a guess at Salford. That place is scary when it's dark. :(
It lives in the woods   I get weird shit like this happening to me all the time. Usually, I'm at home when stuff decides to come out and play, but last night, it picked the perfect moment to scare the living bejeezus out of me.  The darker nights are rolling in sooner each night, and last night - it caught me totally off guard.  I'd been walking the dog down a reclaimed landfill site, and up until recently, it had been perfectly light enough to take a nice brisk walk up and down the entire length of the area (a good 3 miles or so.) But last night, the darkness got there before I did.   I'm too stubborn to call it off and go walk on a nice lit pathway with the dog. So I pulled out my torch and set off walking.  This pathway is completely covered by trees. Only letting cracks of light in between the leaves. It gives off a very creepy atmosphere.  It was a very cloudy night, anyway. Not much bright moonlight to go by.  Anyway, I'm going off the point here. I'm walking along this big long dirt path, and I can hear rustling in the trees on either side of me. My dog isn't stopping to check - so I assume it's probably some little squirrels or something. In retrospect, what the hell made me think squirrels would roam at night?   So I'm a little edgy, but the dog doesn't seem to care, so I carry on.  I'm about a mile into the walk, and I approach what I've dubbed "The Creepy Hut."  This creepy looking building is an old sewage control building. The old iron door is still attached, but the doorway behind it is bricked up. the old brickwork a much darker, redder colour than the freshly placed doorblock bricks. During the summer, the plant life around it goes wild and obscures it from view, ivy growing on its old roof- hanging off the edges, and grass almost as tall as me surrounding it.  But it's just starting to get into autumn, and the grass is wilting, and the ivy is getting brown.  The place reeks of rotting stuff all year round, but today the stench seemed awfully stronger than usual.   I covered my face with my coat, shone my torch over the old hut and froze.  There was a person in front of the old iron door. He was slouched, slightly. Looking like he was breathing heavily. Or laughing. I wasn't sure - I was too far away.  My dog had seen this, and he'd also stopped dead in his tracks, staring at the strange man in front of the door. His ears were high, tail curled upwards.  The man slowly started turning around. I aimed the torch at his torso, so that the light would slightly illuminate his face. Don't want to blind him!  Bad idea. His face was lit up sort of like when you used to shine the torch under your chin at camp, telling spooky stories. Except this time the man's face was half rotted. He had the shit-eating grin spread right across his face. He slammed this big iron door shut with his left arm, and I swear it took a brick or two from the bricked up doorway with it.   (Note: This door is heavy as hell. I tried moving it a few months back after taking some pictures of the place, and it was very hard to move, even with all 220lbs of me behind it.)  I just turned back towards the car and ran. Dog had the same idea - He barrelled past me, barking his head off. I didn't want to turn around and see what the man was doing, but curiosity got the better of me. I quickly turned and began backpedalling, and he was just stood where I was - on the pathway. I could see his shape in the limited moonlight, Hunched over.  That was it. I ran the mile back to the car, unlocked it on the run, opened the door, threw myself in and locked it behind me. Turned the engine and lights on, and turned the car to face where I had come from. The high beams on my car headlights weren't enough to pierce all the way through the trees, but I would at least be able to see him coming. Nothing.   The Dog had barrelled into the car right beside me, so I just took off home.  I swear he was stood at the gate to the car park on my way out. Waving. Like he'd hoped I'd come back soon.  No chance, mate.  I have pictures of both outside and inside this place if anyone wants them
Uninsured Drivers, you so crazy.   I don't get it. You're toeing the line as it is by driving with no insurance, yet you drive like a lunatic.  You drove down the wrong side of a road, leading into a junction, then you pull out of said junction (It had Give Way signs!) without looking while I'm coming down the main road. Smashy.  I've got a burn up my left arm, a big-ass cut up my left arm and now I think the whiplash is deciding to make itself known. Shoulders and back are achey, and my neck hurts to turn. I thought I was having a heart attack on scene, the airbag went off right into my chest and the pain wouldn't go for about 5 minutes.  Luckily (unfortunately for the company I work for, though) I was working at the time and I was using a van. My little car wouldn't have stood a chance and I might have been seriously injured now.
To battle, my drunkard brothers!
[EU] Decently experienced hunter LF Casual/Raiding guild.   I played pretty seriously back in WotLK, and participated in a realm second Lich King Heroic 10 Man.  Since Cataclysm's release, I've stepped back a little bit and not played as seriously. I've had a lot of jip from guild members and been branded as if I'm in for the loot.  This is by no means a description of me. I'm far from it.  I play the game as what it's meant to be. A Game. I don't care for loot, or who goes into raids instead of me - I know what it's like to be a raid leader, it's a pain in the arse to find a right setup.  I like to Roleplay, but by no means is it a requirement for me. I'm willing to transfer to any realm on the EU rack.   [Here's](http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/character/nagrand/zeifer/simple) my main character - a hunter - on the armoury.   I will be transferring my level 43 hunter over, though. I still have a few friends on my current server and I wouldn't like to lose most contact with them. (I'm currently on Nagrand EU)  I will be able to level this up in a week or 2, though.  I would prefer Horde too, so I wouldn't have to cough up for a Faction Transfer also.  I know it's a long shot, but I hope to hear back from interested people. :)