There is already an Adventure Time game based on D D, in case you are interested. My Lady Blackbird version is much simpler and narration oriented. I don't have much, just lists with races and classes (including detective and ninja) and some notions about swords, princesses and lands in Ooo. I planned to get all the information I needed from an AT wiki.   Oh, also, it's all in spanish. I could translate it but it would take me a while.
Hormones treatment
Necronomicon
Reddit never ceases to amaze me.
I think you'll like White Suns. Their last album, Totem, is from 2014.  http://whitesuns.bandcamp.com/
"If this thing had happened, then this other thing would have happened." "What other thing?". "I don't know".  Anyway, I admit my comments are useless. The world is not gonna change thanks to them. And I know I'm not gonna convince you that you made a thread that makes no sense.
I'll post this here since I think it can be of general interest.  There is a debate going with the OP questioning if the term "pre-spanish" is appropiate. He affirms spanish era started after Al Andalus (moorish occupation in the south of the Iberian Peninsula for 8 centuries). Some of us affirm Spain was Spain before Al Andalus, being called Hispania even before the year 27 b.C. and that there were Spanish people living in the peninsula, people from different civilizations and origins, like romans and visigoths.  So, I asked a friend of mine. He is not a historian but has a degree in classic languages as latin and greek, so he knows one or two things about Spanish history. Here are some interesting points he gave me:  1. As OP affirms, modern Spain was in a great degree stablished after Al Andalus, after the "reconquest" when the Catholic Kings expeled the muslims from the peninsula. The feudal system, the main regions, the catholic religion were stablished then. So, Spain doesn't equal Hispania.  2. It's not so simple. You can't say Spain started being Spain after Al Andalus. Before Al Andalus there were the visigoths, and before them the hispanoromans living there. So Spain would be an equation consisting in: Hispanoromans + Visigoths + Moors / Reconquest.  3. There are books wrote by experts still debating about when did Spain started being Spain, so it's an open debate.  4. There is the idiomatic question. We didn't started talking arabic after Al Andalus, but kept using the same language we used before they came. Spanish comes from latin, not from arabic. It's a corruption of latin, so to say. So, linguistically, we have a "hispanic" identity, although we adopted a lot of words from arabic, like "almohada", "algibe" (just to put two examples) and the name for a lot of rivers like "Guadalquivir".  5. Indeed, you can't deny the Al Andalus era. Nobody is trying to do that. But you can't say Spain as a concept or territory didn't exist before them. It's more complex than that.
You are gorgeous. The true definition of "androgynous hottie".
This is a very interesting case. It seems to be very famous, but I didn't know about it.
Of course it's derived from his writings but not totally. Some part of it came from other creative minds. Let's say 10%. I don't even know what I'm talking about.
[Current 93 - I have a special plan for this world](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lxZpEFJhO6k) (22 min long)  [Penderecki: Threnody for the Victims of Hiroshima](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dp3BlFZWJNA)  I can't recall any particular song, but I heard some creepy songs by Diamanda Galas.  And here you have some albums:  [The Residents - Commercial Album](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MdSlFl5H76A)  [Diagnose Lebensgefahr - Transformalin](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIQNUVTfKQM)  This album was made as a therapy by an ex-depressive-suicidal-black metal artist while he stayed at an asylum. I know this sounds like bullshit. Actually there are many fake rumors about this guy, but this asylum fact seems to be true.
Those beers look tasty.
All you people signing this should feel ashamed. You are just hurting one person just for the sake of hurting.  Just let people live in peace.
Source?
Does the melody even follow the beat?
What?
I like how in Reddit you usually can make a question and people really give you an answer, instead of getting the "learn to use google" answer that you get in most of the other sites, like 4chan and many, many forums.  You are cool people, redditors.
Yeah, I know there is a lot of fucked up people in the internet. But at the beginning of this video you can see how this guy cleans a knife full of blood with  panties. That's obviously a joke.  I admit I had a moment of doubt when I played this other video and saw the obsessive mural made of cute girls photos.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPBpe1P6pZU  Like, who the hell would be so dedicated to set the scenario for a video? But also you can see labels on the boxes: "Justin DVDs (Bieber)" and "Justin DVDs (Timberlake)". He's clearly acting.
Lag
Lots of purples
This reminds me that time, when I was like 18 years old, I was home alone and somebody called. It was a girl.  "You, sir, are a killer", she said, in a very convinced and funny tone. "What?" "You, sir, are a killer", she repeated. "I'm sorry, but I have no idea what you are talking about". "Well. You will find it tomorrow then".  She hanged up.  I'm 34 now and still have no idea what was that about or who she was.  Now that I think it, maybe I should even tell this in its own thread.
Don't worry. You are not a bad person or a pedophile just for having those thoughts, that seem just intrusive thoughts caused by your OCD.  Imagination is free. Mind is free. Just thinking about something doesn't mean you are gonna do it or you agree with it, specially with thoughts that you can't control.  Indulge yourself. Imagine whatever you want. You are free. Your mind can't hurt anybody. Your actions do. Don't be scare for your thoughts. That's just your mind trying to fuck you.  I've had problems like yours. Sometimes I see little children and imagine raping them. But I know I'm in no way attracted to them. I would never do anything inappropiate to a kid. I know that's just my mind looking for another way to make me feel bad, like when I imagine accidents or think again and again about that person that insulted me on the street.  Have a conversation with yourself and make things clear. Take a decision about your feelings and grasp to it whenever you feel insecure about these thoughts.  I hope some of this help you.
I started watching I Be-Area and found it a very interesting visual experiment. But since english is not my first language i didn't get the 90% of it, so i quit.  Also, just in case there is still anybody doesn't know, DG sampled I Be-Area: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxid-di6PQE
I don't like it. It's very boring compared to other DG covers, wich have a background story. And at least TMS is an illustration. There is nothing special about this one. I'd like to have something more shocking, beautiful or complex in my record collection. It's  just a photoshopped streetlight. Anyway, at this moment is quite iconic yet.
Thanks
I got the  nasty in my bus
There was a thread about this before.  http://www.reddit.com/r/deathgrips/comments/1wrq1y/sample_from_culture_shock/  There is a broken link to the site Lightworkers, something about Ashtar Sheran. I looked for it in YouTube and, man, it just blew my mind. There is wacko stuff there.
Mi webcomic in spanish   I suppose not a lot of you can read spanish, but, anyway, I would love to share my project with you all and, maybe, get some feedback about the style.  I've been running it since 2010, so maybe you'll see some evolution. My last strips are focused on some recurrent characters.  Anyway, here it is: [Contado tiene menos gracia](http://contadotienemenosgracia.thecomicseries.com).  Hope you find something you like.
How exactly does this proof DG are going on tour? I think there are two possibilities:  1. bbpoltergiest are just fans and the got this pills from a live show.  2. bbpoltergiest are really Death Grips and they are just tweeting a pic of the gigantic pills.  I can't see a clue for a tour here.
Can you elaborate on the "future primitive digital" concept? I'm not familiar with it, maybe because english is not my first language.  Also, yes, human desire is a big theme on DG music, I believe. The lyrics and the sound speak a lot about releasing your inner beast.
I'm happy for you. But be careful. If you start to feel bad again, don't be scared. It's something natural. Don't feel it like a failure. Remember that's a state you know well, and it can't get worse than you alreadey has experienced.  I say don't be scared because recently I had an axiety attack after a long period of feeling really great, and it felt terrible. I was terrified about going down again, I felt like I was going crazy. But I didn't.  One of my therapist warned me: I was doing a great progress but I could have bad moments again. She said sometimes your mind is resilient to stay stable and happy because you have been feeling bad for so long, and you are used to it.  Anyway, good luck. Take advantage of this new state and make some plans to organize and improve your life, so you stay happy as long as you can.
Or maybe, you know, they are just taking a little more time because they are finishing the last details of the production of the album, like could happen with any other fucking normal band in the world.  Guys, I'm starting to get sick of all this theories. I've made my own theories about Death Grips, like everyone else, but this is too much. You are putting too much meaning in what they do or don't do. If you do this for fun, go on. But, honestly, stop overthinking.