Thanks!
Good for Petula.
Study Says Third of Aquifers Running Dry
Dramatic, in-depth look of a WWII recovery deep in the jungle
it neglects argument that climate change is already a moral imperative.   where's the issue? that climate change inaction is somehow morally neutral? There's no pathway to neutrality unless you are severely delusional.
That link is to Heartland.
If you are set on that area, live closer to 17th. There's more restaurants. It's a closer walk to Adams Morgan, U and P 14, etc., and feels far more like a neighborhood with all the basic shops you need, plus some decent hang-out places. There's a Soviet Safeway nearby and Whole Foods.   There's a lot of really high-end housing west of Connecticut., and some decent restaurants, but not much else, other than what's on that part of P and Connecticut. If you move there, seriously, you'll spend most of your time crossing Connecticut to get to the East Side.    Being closer to Georgtown is nice, but that part of town grows old fast. It's more of an out door, higher-end shopping mall surrounded by lovely townhouses. But it does have a good movie theater, an Apple outlet, some good bicycle shops and a decent running store.   And as far as safety goes? All these areas are safe. But this is a city.
What happens when NC, Ark do the same thing?
Don't miss the photo breakout. It's absolutely the best part. It's heartbreaking. Dear lord, I so miss the newsroom era.   http://www.theguardian.com/artanddesign/gallery/2015/mar/21/the-death-of-the-american-newsroom-in-pictures
their bowl of chicken soup restores the soul.
human extinction is on the table?  I don't think so and hopefully it's not false optimism. Well before irreversible calamity we will react. We will put all our science, resources, vast intelligence, and powers of empathy and cooperation, to reverse course and undo the damage. But for this to happen, we need to get closer to the edge so the temps will rise at least two degrees before that happens.
Screw all the keyboard tough guys who are trying to shame publications into publishing stuff they wouldn't have published anyway.   It seems like a lot of reporters around the world have been killed or have put themselves in gravel peril trying to get the truth out. They and their publications don't have to prove a damn thing.
Bravo for carrying a double major. If by art, you mean art history, I think that's great for all it brings with it: analytic skills, research, problem solving and critical thinking. Being able to draw on art and history may enrich your writing. If it's art as in visual design, graphic arts, or anything else, that's great as well, since much of journalism is visual presentation.
Maybe she was just trying to strike up a conversation. You know meet you, and didn't realize you are just another crazed biker with a 24x7 camera looking for drama.   Here is what she said (from your transcript) "Her: (Shouting from behind me) "We're going to a red light. What's the point man."  This is what you said: NOTHING.   She speaks up again: "Why pass me to a red light?"  You give the most dorky possible response: "Why not?" (Why not -- WHY NOT a disarming smile and some kind words in response?)   What you should have tried, perhaps, was a little self-depreciation: "Sorry, I was just trying to impress you." And you smile warmly, don't give her a maximum dork look with your stupid camera, and ask instead  "How come I haven't passed you before" ...   And she called you a jerk, how sad.
Well, I will disagree. I am an older journo and stories that tend to read are fact based. Unemployment is higher for this generation; college debt is high, and that is worrisome and a lot of the reporting seems to reflect that. As far as work culture, some of the business reporting that I've seen about millennial work habits isn't negative; it's about how businesses can adapt and retain the younger generation that is likely to be very well educated, less loyal (and for good reason), and insisting on more flexibility in work/life arrangements.   The BYOD (Bring Your Own Device) to work, something many IT department are adapting to, is being driven in large part by the younger generation that doesn't want to be constrained by out-of-date tech.   And as far as destruction of humanity goes ... the polls seem to indicate that millennials may be the most concerned about climate change. Millennials aren't very well represented in Congress yet, so I won't fault them for causing the destruction of humanity. As far as who screwed up the economy: every earlier generation blames the older generation for this or that. It's a waste of energy, because as the saying goes, nobody is perfect.   And regarding the journalism business: Most of the web news start-ups, I would suppose, that are roiling this business are the efforts of millennial generation, not the baby boomers. The younger generation is carving out a new paths for making journalism thrive. I hope they succeed.   If you read something that blames the millennial generation for the national woe, just keep in mind that it was written by a dull, ignorant, full-of-crap, dense and misinformed person who probably has no idea where his/her local library is, and likely has the IQ of a hen.
Here's the museum's write-up of its exhibit. (Scroll down)  http://www.nbmaa.org/index.php?option=com_content task=view id=32 Itemid
Connecticut bill may restrict photography at crime scenes
I think it's something that could work well with something else. Take a look at http://www.everyblock.com/ It aggregates in news, public records, anything it can find by location. But interest in it is so-so. Everyblock's approach, when all is said and done, doesn't offer much. People want original content, discussion, and something they can't find elsewhere. Pure aggregation tools, unattached from anything else, just haven't caught on all that well. They don't inspire a lot of loyalty or repeat traffic.   Redditt, Slashdot aggregate but users pick the content, not software. There's a difference.   But I think the fact that you have created this platform is a significant accomplishment and it has potential, but not necessarily as a stand-alone platform.
The market warnings are rising it seems. Is it time to park the 401K?   I'm in my late 50s, and I'm wondering if I should park my 401K funds in a stability of principal fund.   Market Watch recently had a piece warning that "Stock caution urged as margin debt levels hit new highs" http://www.marketwatch.com/story/stock-caution-urged-as-margin-debt-levels-hit-new-highs-2014-03-09  And the Financial Times has a piece today that Seth Klarman is warning of a "significant market correction." He is citing nosebleed valuations in tech shares, in particular. http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/6dd806e2-a627-11e3-9818-00144feab7de.html#axzz2vYeDNzjM  The Bull Market is five years old, and while some argue that it will go on for a while, there is someone arguing that things will remain good for a while. People were saying the housing market would stay good right up until the time it crashed in 2008. This time, I'm inclined to agree with the bears.   I'm not 401K rich by a long shot, so not much room to play. Should I park?
This belongs here. The story is solid. The OP's write-up is based on something in the piece i.e. "crack squad of fairies," that's a little over-the-top sarcasm.   The Guardian piece is about the poor reading comprehension and lack of scientific understanding in journalism. The idea that there was a hiatus or pause in global warming was never an accurate description of what's going on. That seems to be the major point.
Its been just a few months since I came to Los Angeles from the District of Columbia, and already it is Crystal City clear: L.A. is a downer.  Look no further then Skidrow at 7 a.m. for a pure view into the citys heart and soul. You will pass a dozens and dozens of slumped homeless veterans holding out a McDonalds cup for money.   After committing to pay a senseless amount of money for gas for the day's trip just to dump ever increasing amounts of CO2 into the atmosphere; it's easy going from here, except for the climate-changed induced drought emergency just declared by the governor.   Every morning its the same on the Freeway: people, sitting in their cars, with blank stares and the saddest-looking faces imaginable. Do they wonder about the environment? They are like cattle in a climate denial storm, too self-centered to take mass transit, gazing into space, waiting for their ride to the climate change slaughter house.  A rat creeps across a sidwalk. The dusty cars make a miserable sound as they screech to a stop.  I don't see E.T. anywhere. I am miserable, disappointed. Where are the starlets? Everywhere in Los Angeles you see people in T-Shirts and jeans. I miss D.C.'s civilizing dress code.  The irony runs deep. The capital of American media culture  is in fact, ugly and uninspiring. The imagine of L.A. as a colorful mecca of entertainment is a lie. The citizens who work in the movie and television industry appear to be enduring unspeakable oppression and Oscar snubs.  Please, California people, keep your mouths shut when you visit D.C. Don't write trite op-eds. Instead, keep your eyes fixed on whatever little video screen you can find. And when you return to California, preach the merits of mass transit and car-less living.
U.S. 5X Battery Research Sets Three Paths For Replacing Lithium
China's innovation push is impressive. In computing alone, they have been building the world's fastest supercomputers. Those systems are using a mix of China-origin parts and U.S. tech, notably the chips. But China is making its own chips and is on path to build high performance systems that are made entirely from Chinese produced tech. This is very impressive, and China may be spending more right now to build the next generation of supercomputers than the US.   I've been very impressed with China and the OP's story, and the comments in it, is very consistent with a policy China outlined years ago. China is going to deliver some impressive tech in due time.
I worked as a daily news reporter for nearly 20 years, and contacting families after a particular death was the worst part of the job. It feels like a horrible invasion, but Washington Post reporter was being accurate when he wrote that people "might be surprised to learn that many people caught in this mayhem actually want to talk to reporters." That's a true statement. People often want to talk about the people they lost, they want others to understand the value that this person brought into the world and the love they shared. It's a affirmation of life. It's the reporter's job to tell the story about what's going on in our shitty world. If the family doesn't want to talk, you respect it and move on. That said, these were the last stories you want to do because it affects you deeply. I've seen fellow writers break down in tears after undertaking these types of stories. It's the last damn story you want to write. When you work as a reporter covering a communnity, you care about that community, the people in it, and you want to chronicle their stories, and let others know what their neighbors are facing. In my mind, this is a noble and difficult pursuit and sometimes misunderstood, but the Post reporter here, I think, handled it well.
Good point. I'm a little put off by the "terrifying" click-candy usage. There's nothing especially new here; the report refines some predictions, narrows time frames, but generally affirms consensus. Anyone who is familiar with the science and ponders feedbacks at all, considers the possibility of a methane releases in the arctic, and acidification on the food chain, is already, in a sense probably terrified or at least worried sick for future generations. Trying to scare people with yet another alarmist headline doesn't work. What we need is for elected officials to come around to the reality of the problem.
Five things Connecticut needs to do   I love Connecticut and lived there all my life until 1998 and now live in DC. I'm in my late 50s, but have many friends and family in the state and visit often. When I visit, I often hear people talk about leaving the state. The property taxes, for instance, on my sister's house are $4,600 a year and she can barely afford the bill. It won't be affordable in retirement, and that's the truth of it. It's a simple ranch in Northern Connecticut. I hear my friends complain as well. They think about leaving. Since moving, I've gotten much more familiar with the mid-Atlantic states and how they run themselves. They do some things better than Connecticut. I don't mean to be  negative. There's a lot to like about the state. It is beautiful. But there are bunch of things the state can do to reduce its tax burdens and run more efficiently. Here are my recommendations:     1. Move to county/regional services. It's an incredible waste of money for towns and cities to pay for their own administrations, finance, information technology, police, fire, etc., for small geographic areas. This duplication contributes to high local property taxes.   2. The taxing system and economic development effort should be regional. Take New Britain. When the factories closed, it lost its downtown to West Farms Mall. That's a simplification, but there's truth to it. Farmington gets New Britain shoppers and most of the property tax benefit. To compensate for this lack of a regional tax system, the state waste money on economic development projects in the urban areas that actually end up accomplishing little. Hartford has been an economic development sinkhole since Constitution Plaza.    3. Get rid of property taxes on cars. It's absolutely the most horrible tax.   4. Adopt a homestead tax provision. If you live in your home, DC reduces your assessed value by $38,000. It's a significant savings. The trade off may be higher income and sales taxes.    5. Adopt alternative means of transportation. Connecticut's bus system is a total joke. Many communities lack sidewalks, and forget about bike lanes. The state is overly car dependent, and that makes it very expensive.
The steel security bars appear to be very nice. And the matching beige cubicle wall and curtains, well, it just simply took my breath away! I'm impressed by your harsh and lean aesthetic. I mean, there's nothing on the cubicle walls! Imagine looking all day at bare beige cubicle walls. What discipline. What wonder. That must intensify your focus on the task at hand, as you work under the shadow of the steel bar caged windows.
I don't have a car and absolutely do not miss owning one. DC is an easy city to bike and is getting better. The bus system is good once you figure it out and in many cases faster than dealing with Metro.   But owning a bike isn't easy. Good bikes are at risk of getting stolen. For around town, and have plans to lock your bike on a street for some hours, recommend a beater, nothing too attractive, and lock both wheels.   Personally, I think folding bikes are a great option for commuting if you can stash them inside.
Here's an approach that was recommended to us and it work for me: Go to a condo with a front desk and just ask if any of the units are available for rent. With luck, you may catch an availability before it is listed online or find someone who isn't trying all that hard to rent their place, or learn of someone who is about to have a vacancy.
*Replacing* physical colleges? No. Augmenting? Yes.
This is what parking is like on Capitol Hill
Excellent point