AIPAC Mulling Nuclear Option in Lobbying Against Iran Deal: AIPAC officials have been debating using their doomsday weapon, namely to campaign to unseat congressional Democrats who will vote in favor of the Iran deal.
Goodbye International Space Station, Hello Moon Village
I've been waiting for someone to bring up Pennsylvania. Unfortunately it seems like we're going to have to get medicinal cannabis legalized first as a stepping stone to legalization.   At least now we have a governor in Tom Wolf who has said repeatedly that he would sign a medical cannabis bill if one made it to his desk. Our old governor Tom Corbett has said in the past on numerous occasions that he would veto any sort of cannabis bill presented in front of him, be it recreational or medicinal, that guy was a real dick.
In Boon for Monsanto, Federal Judge Quashes Maui County GMO Ban: Attorney says that decision 'not only ignores the will of the people, but places at risk all local regulations that seek to address the harmful impacts of GMO operations.'
Secret US court allows resumption of bulk phone metadata spying: Thought Congress put a halt to the snooping program Snowden exposed? Think again.
Removed. Violation of rule #1 of the sub, continued violations will result in a ban from /r/conspiracy.
Removed, rule 10.
The Trade Beef Between Elizabeth Warren and Barack Obama, Explained: Obama is eager to broker the Trans-Pacific Partnership, but progressive critics like Warren see it as NAFTA on steroids
Cops must now get a warrant to use stingrays in Washington state: New statute also forces police to more fully explain cell-site simulators to judges.
NFL Voluntarily Ends Tax-Exempt Status
Powerful Joe Rogan.
UNCUT Mentos Ad
The Thirty Meter Telescope Is Finally Getting Built
Roast of Justin Bieber - Kevin Hart - Shirts Off - Uncensored
Really ?!  I think starting a war on what was later proven to be manufactured, phony evidence and bombing a country back to the stone age would make the United States the savages in that situation.   The US left a power vacuum for religious strife to take place, they created a platform for it. Then you have people like Chris Kyle blaming the victims of war for getting sucked up in a power vacuum that he helped create. The idiocy and ignorance looms large in that mans worldview.   Furthermore you have the US army engaging in brutal torture on Iraqis in Abu Ghraib prison, setting dogs on them and electrocuting the prisoners genitalia to get perverse pleasure. That's pretty savage if you ask me. Good luck justifying the atrocities committed by the occupying US army in Iraq, you have your work cut out for you.
[The Money Masters is a must-see for anyone interested in currency, finance, the Rothschilds, and paper money. It is made by Bill Still, the subject of our most recent AMA here on /r/conspiracy.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDtBSiI13fE)  On its face, this 3 and 1/2 hour documentary may seem like a daunting task, but its one of the most rewarding documentaries you will ever see. It answers a slew of elusive questions and portrays the Rothschilds in a realistic manner, sourcing the family's meteoric rise to rule the world of finance.
I always tell people this. The first step to curtailing the police state is to stop watching shows like Law   Order, 24 and NCIS. We have to lower the prestige of the police state in America.   Literally the biggest hit comedy film this past summer was 22 Jump Street. That's not some mistake. Its not an accident that 'cop shows' are a genre in and of themselves in American television and film. We are programmed to always give the police the benefit of the doubt in any situation.
There was also record low voter turnout this year. We haven't had voter turnout this low since World War II. You can't complain about kicking all the bums out and simultaneously sit at home on election day.   The underlying issue is that access to voting in America is not easily accessible. You have to increase the hours of voting, and place more polling stations in higher population density, low-income, urban neighborhoods to truly address the issue. I'll cite a purely anecdotal example, myself, I leave work at 5:30 and then have to take a train   a bus home, leaving me just 45 minutes to vote after I get home. I got it done, but I imagine if I had to wait in line, instead of simply walking into my suburban polling station.
This is Israeli hasbara, propaganda at its finest. [Here is a link about the program Israel has, where they pay college students to astroturf social media forums with pro-Israel propaganda and talking points.](http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2013/08/14/israel-pay-students-propaganda_n_3755782.html)  All u/KVillage1 does on Reddit is defend Israel and their atrocities. Just casually peruse through his post history, almost every single comment is in defense of Israel. There is no nuance in his iterations, just Israeli propaganda. If Israel is in the right here, then why do they feel the need to pay Israeli college students to disseminate this sort of propaganda. [Here is another link on this incredibly dishonest and manipulative practice that Israel engages in by having paid propaganda agents on social media hubs like Facebook and Reddit.](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2013/08/14/israel-students-social-media/2651715/)  The Palestinians don't have paid PR agents to astroturf their talking points on Facebook all day, they are more worried about getting food, water and medicine into Gaza, past Israel's inhumane blockade. Instead all the Palestinians have is people like me, who can see past the media blitz and all of the Israeli internet propaganda to make this look like an even sided battle. It is not an even battle, 1 side has sophisticated, US funded technology, whereas the other is being kept in an open air prison, otherwise known as the Israeli blockade.   How can these Israel apologists expect the Palestinians to be subjected to being held in the deplorable, sub-human conditions, that Israel has subjected the Palestinians people to. Israel are the conquerors, they are mostly European Jews, colonizing a Middle Eastern nation. How can you possibly expect the native people to not try to fight against an occupying force ?
Hanzi, you fucker !   I knew exactly who you are.  I heard you on O A a while ago, I don't listen to Howard anymore on account of him sucking a fat one for a long time. I do however have an interesting theory to run past you. It's my Sirius/XM conspiracy. I'm sure you heard about Anthony Cumia getting the axe ?   Well my theory for the reason Antony got fired is because he is the single loudest, most influential, pro-gun personality on Sirius/XM. On the other end of the spectrum you have a hypocrite like Howard Stern who is anti-gun but has a permit to carry in NYC, which is incredibly hard to acquire. If you call him on it he'll tell you:  "But I'm a celebrity, I need one to ensure my safety, you know cause I'm so famous. Ho hoo."   Basically he's saying he can carry a gun because his safety is so vital to the community whereas us plebeians don't deserve them because we are the poor unwashed masses, our lives don't have as much inherent value as old Howard from the Hamptons.   BTW: I admire your attempt at getting through to Opie and Anthony, but they're hopeless and Jim Norton too. They are conservative guys and they can't hear anything that would upset their worldview and America's role in it as a beacon of freedom or soaring eagle or something else they can get a freedom boner to. It made for good radio though.
"I think once you're in the public eye, whether you're a boss, a teacher or whatever you do, that you're automatically in the position of role model. You have people looking up to you, so whether you choose to accept it or not is a different question."   - Talib Kweli
No I just stumbled across it organically when I googled, "Reddit vote", looking for articles about the rule change, I actually didn't click on that link but it's nice to see we are thinking alike. BTW, I was the mod who proposed stickying your submission. This entire situation is completely fucked. I spent 18 months religiously Redditing, just to have the rug pulled out from under me. How am I, a user of a sub that is regularly vote brigaded, expected to not suspect the worst after such a sudden loss of transparency ?
Congratulations admins, you've irreparably damaged Reddit. I spend the majority of my time on small subs, and those subs are now completely open to being vote brigaded. I don't understand why in a million years the admins would take it upon themselves to make a change no one asked for that in fact makes vote brigading impossible to detect. Of course I do actually know why the admins did it, and it probably has something to do with this article from the Guardian that was published yesterday about Reddit making digital marketing campaigns easier for corporations, here's the link to it:  http://www.theguardian.com/media-network/media-network-blog/2014/jun/18/integrate-reddit-digital-marketing  It's so blatantly obvious that this is a move to make Reddit more mainstream and corporate-friendly. This simple fact is this will kill the smaller subs, like r/guns, r/progressive, r/worldpolitics, r/conspiracy, r/documentaries and countless other subs. This is completely fucked, I can't even look at vote counts for my old posts from well before the implementation of this ridiculous rule. Reddit just opted for less transparency, to whose benefit ? Cause it's certainly for the users benefit, cui bono, Reddit, it's Latin for who benefits and that is the question we should be asking ourselves, who benefits from this ridiculous new rule. It's the government and corporations that benefit from this, Reddit is nothing more than a hollowed out shell of its old self, a PR agency that touts itself as the Front Page of the Internet, a bastion of democracy when in fact it just does PR for governments and corporations, a task they just got a lot better at. It's open season on every small, controversial sub, in terms of vote brigading, courtesy of the administrators.
I had to articles removed as well, the justification was that it had already been covered by other articles, when I pointed that the story was no where to be seen on the front page of r/worldnews, m/SaraLee pointed out that they allowed to articles about to remain on r/worldnews. Both had been heavily downvote brigaded and as a result had just 6   3 upvotes a few hours after being posted. It's a damn shame, this is a pretty damning story for the US government.   http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2233qt/us_secretly_built_cuban_twitter_to_stir_unrest/  http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2237qb/us_secretly_created_cuban_twitter_to_undermine/
I believe it, it's obscene how much clout Comcast has, I'm typing this from Center City Philadelphia, so I'm literally in the shadow of the Comcast Building/Comcast HQ. No one knows better than Philadelphians how badly Comcast fucks you every month, leaving you butthurt well into the next billing cycle.   I pay $170/month for Internet, Cable and phone, and in return get the worst customer service ever and zero choice in subscribers. I've been talking about getting all of my entertainment from the internet for a long time but I haven't been able to effectively cut the cord. This merger has provided me the impetus to strike a symbolic blow against Comcast and sever the cord that has bound me to this monopolistic industry for far to long.   What is so wrong about choice in a supposed free market ? What Comcast is doing is comparable to a corporation like Google, stopping Yahoo from allowing their service to be provided to entire regions, imagine that for a moment. Imagine if you lived in California you could choose between a Google or Yahoo search, but your friend in Seattle having to use Bing, because Bill Gates has got it like that in Washington state.   TL?DR? Fuck Comcast. They are the Rockefeller, Standard Oil of the 21st century.
Except  " The hawkish legislation, which essentially hands the president the full-force of the U.S. military if negotiations fail, comes just one week before Tehran sits down with six major powers in Geneva to discuss its nuclear program. For some foreign policy observers on the Hill, it threatens to spoil the already-delicate negotiations."
"redditor for 4 days"  The JIDF is strong in this one.
How many more lies will you spout on this thread for Israel ?  " Israel is the largest cumulative recipient of military assistance from the United States since World War II, followed by Afghanistan, Iraq, Egypt, and Pakistan.[22] Since 1987, the U.S. has provided an average of $1.8 billion annually in the form of Foreign Military Sales (FMS), Foreign Military Financing (FMF) and funds to support research and development.[2]A bilateral memorandum of understanding was signed in January 2001, at the end of the Clinton administration, under which defense aid was increased to $2.4 billion annually from $1.8 billion, while the $1.2 billion of economic aid would be eliminated. This was predicated on the basis of the defense aid being increased by $60 million per year until the full amount was reached in 2008, while the economic aid is decreased by $120 million per year until eliminated.[3][23] In 2007, the United States increased its military aid to Israel by over 25%, to an average of $3 billion per year for the following ten-year period (starting at $2.550 billion for 2008, growing by $150 million each year).[24] The package started in October 2008, when regular economic aid to Israel's economy ended.[25] Officials have insisted the aid is not tied, or meant to balance, simultaneous American plans to sell $20 billion worth of sophisticated arms to its Arab allies in the region, including Egypt and Saudi Arabia.[25] Former U.S. President George W. Bush assured Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert that the U.S. would help keep a "qualitative advantage" to Israel over other nations in the region.[24] The United States is the largest single supplier of military equipment to Israel. According to the U.S. Congressional Research Service, between 1998-2005 the U.S. accounted for the vast majority of Israel's arms transfer agreements, accounting for $9.1 billion out of $9.5 billion worth of agreements.[26]Israel deals directly with U.S. companies for the vast majority of its military purchases from the United States, though it requires permission from the U.S. government for specific purchases. Permission is not always automatic; for instance, in March 2000 it became known that the Israeli government had been refused permission to purchase BGM-109 Tomahawk missiles.[3] Israel has the world's largest F-16 fleet outside the United States Air Force. With the delivery of 102 F-16Is, scheduled through 2008, the Israeli Air Force will have a total F-16 inventory of 362, in addition to 106 F-15s.[27]  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Israel%E2%80%93United_States_military_relations#Military_aid_and_procurement  240 billion is Israel's GDP, you knew I was talking about defense aid from the US specifically but you intentionally took me out of context, classic shill move.  I'm going to sleep now shill, I'm sure I'll return to an Inbox of lies and propaganda in the morning.
Thank you!   Solar panels should have been on the White House for 36 years, beginning in 1977 with Jimmy Carter, before they were cruelly yanked down by the Reagan administration in 1981, because and I'm absolutely serious here, Reagan that they were the embodiment of "big government". Backwardness thy name be Reagan. The solar panels were not costly or wasteful, they just symbolized change and terrified Big Oil, which had a stranglehold over the presidency, since Kennedy's coup d'etat in '63.    http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2009/01/27/white-house-solar-panels_n_160575.html
I posted an article about this the other day, and it got a lot of upvotes on r/conspiracy and even reached the top of the page. Despite all the upvotes, the comment thread was saturated by what looked like shill accounts using ad hominem attacks to discredit me and Dr. Eran Elhaik's findings. As a person of color and a 1st generation immigrant I find the fact that Jewish people who are closer to Caucasian than they'd like you to believe, use all of the advantages of this "Chosen People" blood claim to Israel to strengt their narrative. In fact Jewish people are some of the most powerful industrialists and bankers on Earth,and they still clamor for international support as an oppressed minority, when there are so many other groups who could use the resources being lavished upon the Zionist agenda. Also most actual minorities in America don't even view Jews as an actual minority, more like a subset of Caucasian, per capita Jewish people are much wealthier than any other religious or ethnic group per capita. Also there's the coincidence of Israel and AIPAC lobbying Congress to invade Iraq, Iran, Syria etc. basically because it's way easier to manipulate the war monger Americans to fight their wars for them using the media (which they also control 80% of) and off their regional enemies 1 preemptive mass troop deployment and ground invasion at a time. The fact is that Jewish people twist the oppressed minority narrative so much to the point it devalues actual victims of racial prejudices claims. Seth MacFarlane made a joke at the Oscars about how Jewish people control the media and he had the ADL (Anti Defamation League) down his throat with allegations of antisemitism and racism. All of this contributes to the narrative of America being post racial and overly politically correct, but its just sensitive Jewish special interest groups inflating the incidences of accusations of racism. BTW the entire reason the ADL was founded was to combat antisemitism, I'm on my phone and can't track down the Wikipedia link but it's there.
What a perfectly crafted piece of disinformation, by the way Woodrow Wilson would go on to say this of the Federal Reserve Act of 1913: "I am a most unhappy man. I have unwittingly ruined my country. A great industrial nation is controlled by its system of credit. Our system of credit is concentrated. The growth of the nation, therefore, and all our activities are in the hands of a few men. We have come to be one of the worst ruled, one of the most completely controlled and dominated Governments in the civilized world no longer a Government by free opinion, no longer a Government by conviction and the vote of the majority, but a Government by the opinion and duress of a small group of dominant men." -Woodrow Wilson, after signing the Federal Reserve into existence
The last time a white tiger was seen in the wild was in 1959, they don't exist naturally anymore, tiger populations in general are plummeting around the world and have been since the 1850's with the arrival of the British in India. Today the biggest market for the remaining 3200 wild tigers left on Earth is China, which voraciously sponsors poaching in India, which is home to half of all remaining wild tigers.