It bothers me that you appear to be one of "them"... But the reason was to get away from the brigading caused by one stupid comment. I was very active in programming and financial/investing subreddits where people had a lot of questions. I'd contribute efforts to help those seeking help, but when all my comments were downvoted by the SRS members it was a bad deal because it made my advice look like the wrong advice, and could have an impact on those asking for advice. It still doesn't make sense to me... This was a couple of years ago so maybe SRS has changed, but back then their actions were completely inappropriate imo.
I think small drones with mounted projectile weapons will be the future of warfare. It won't be long before they start making appearances in insurgencies however, then regulators in the states will probably go nuts.  Or just imagine how much damage could be done with drones and explosives that have either encrypted / frequency jumping communication or pre-programmed GPS routes. It's a defense nightmare. About all you can do today is construct a giant net around what you're trying to protect, and even that isn't very feasible.
Then we should take those people out of the system with today's economics if we want to maintain a stable world. Our efficiency and automation is exploding, and so is our population... It's destined for disaster in the long term, and something will have to change, our economy is ripe for change, but nobody wants to be the first to do it, and I don't blame them. I think we'll start undergoing an evolutionary step in the way we work and function as a society.
Ooooooooo... Japan gonna get banned!!!!
Russia threatens 'consequences' if US deploys missiles in Europe
After politics was removed as a default sub it started to leach out into other subs. Browsing the default subs is no longer as fun and relaxed as it used to be for me. It seems like every other post is a post that intends to get some kind of reaction out of users like "look what this company/person is doing?!?!", "our rights are being taken away!", or they are something like "check out this video from a talk show host talking about something political!", etc etc.  I've started to find myself going full circle. I'm actually using Digg again because of all of this political/sensationalist nonsense.
If the scientific publication community didn't quickly identify this as a sham or even questionable, it makes me wonder just how many papers are published that contain false research where the author(s) **didn't** want to get caught.
China, Russia vow increased ties
Russia is really pumping up the anti-US sentiment. This week they also warned Russians travelling abroad to watch out for US teams that "hunt Russians". It's a cold war tactic.   Perhaps some of the social media companies being targeted should cut service to Russia and announce they cannot comply with the data rules, and therefore are removing their services per Russia's request. Russian citizens would likely direct their outrage towards the Russian government at that point, and the social media companies could re-emerge in the Russian market victorious.
The Saudi's probably won't lash out after this being their government shares much of the same ideology as the Islamic State, and IS struck a religious minority within Saudi Arabia. If Islamic State were to obtain their goals and become a state, it would probably look a lot like Saudi Arabia (where amputations and beheadings are already carried out routinely in public to scare the population into submission).
This one still cracks me up: [Benny the Bull takes over a cooking show](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k4sZ6IBreZc)
Someone once told me "I'm amazed at how far you've gone with your life", but it was said in such a condescending way. I'm still not entirely sure if they were trying to get on my nerves, or if they actually meant well.
This year the top of Snoqualmie Pass has experienced less than half the snowfall of the previous *60 year* low record. It's quite extreme.  The good news is that Washington is still getting a lot of precipitation, so if those managing the reservoirs make smart decisions to hold back more water earlier than usual, there probably won't be a catastrophic water shortage.
You monster.
Regardless of what happened. When someone pulls a gun on you and does not seem to be an imminent threat, you DO NOT argue with them no matter how wrong you think they are. Someone pulling a gun like that in a situation like this probably isn't too stable, and the best thing to do is to move along and call the police.
This isn't really something they can push things for that limit the cyber rights of citizens. This is a company that was attacked by hackers and it doesn't relate to NSA policies that people have grown to hate (and probably should).  I can see a few legislation proposals:  * Tougher sentences for those who hack with malicious intent * Sentences for those who support those who hack with malicious intent * More security assurances required by holders of large amounts of customer information * Fines for companies found to lack sufficient data security  All of which I would support.
It's becoming clear that Russia is not going to back down. NATO really isn't standing up for Ukraine outside of harsh remarks. Even though Ukraine is not a member of NATO, the threat of Russian advancement and land grabs is a major threat to members, especially when it's done in a way that's so hard to prove (with Russia claiming the Russians there are "volunteers").  NATO should begin providing Ukraine with better defense and anti-tank equipment and if necessary more offensive weapons too. Russia is not going to wave the flag of surrender, so the best thing to do is forcefully halt the advance and deal with the consequences of previous incursions and land exchanges.
No. That's a ridiculously large amount of grain. It must be at a major port? We took in about 40 loads daily during the Summer with the average load coming out to around 700 bushels per truck (our trucks weren't semi's, but they were still fairly large). That comes out to 28,000 bushels per day. Let's say we had 60 days of loads coming in at that rate, though it was actually over a longer period due to different source regions and grain coming out of other neighbor's storage. That puts us at 1,680,000 bushels of incoming loads per summer.  According to Google the average weight per bushel of wheat is 60lbs, which gives us a grand total estimate of 100,800,000 lbs coming into the elevator (and also eventually leaving it) for a total of ~50,000 tons per year. That's a drop in the bucket compared to what your elevator has coming in.   With the physics of heat and aging aside, one year at your elevator is equal to 60 years in ours. Which means we shouldn't have to worry about replacing out chutes until... oh... about the year 2240 =)
If I'm working out in the garage in the winter with no space heater, but an electric car, I could turn on the car's heater with the garage door shut... and not die from exhaust fumes.
I work with a lot of Turks, and they are truly scared of this man and what Erdogan is turning Turkey into. When I first started working with them 5 years ago they were happy for the future of Turkey as a secular state, but now whenever they talk about visits back home they tell me how freedoms are fading away and how people now hesitate to criticize the government in public due to fear of retaliation.   It's a sad series of events, and I too worry that Turkey may be headed towards a path of further backwards "Islamification" of the state. In 20 years we may view the state of Turkey today in the same way we view the state of Iran prior to the Islamic "revolution".
Thanks! This was very to the point and now I'm definitely leaning towards 20% down over paying in cash.  Interestingly a few people have PMed me too with some other things swaying my decision. Mainly that if I use most of my funds in buying a house, I lose a lot of liquidity and may have to sell the house and pay rent again anyway if something unexpected sidelines me from earning an income through the workforce for a couple of years. Whereas if I have a mortgage, I still am sitting on considerable investments that could be partially cashed to weather unforeseen emergencies.  Thank you again! And to the others who offered advice =)
It's pretty easy, and it happens and is even broadcast across media on a higher level. All of that support going to the FSA and opposition groups in Syria is partly because they are ruthlessly attacking the bigger enemies like ISIS. Somewhere in Syria there is probably an intelligence agent overseeing "rebels" torturing and killing ISIS members. The thing is... I don't feel too bad for them. People probably felt the same way during the Vietnam war.
I can definitely vouch for the black area in central Washington state. There is a town there called Othello that is basically like Mexico. I stopped there this year while travelling and went to a Burger King, and none of the people inside working knew English and everyone was speaking Spanish. I tried to order something in English and got a confused look, and then told them the number I was trying to order and they still didn't understand. That's when a lady nearby stepped in and told them in Spanish, and then they figured it out... It amazes me that a franchise like Burger King doesn't require customer facing workers know English.  After that little bizarre event I drove around town out of curiosity and a lot of the signs were in Spanish as well, and I didn't see a single non-hispanic white outside of the gas station. It was like I was in the twilight zone.
I can't help but to feel a bit cynical about his words. His party just lost a mid-term election, and NOW he decides to be so vocal about opposing net neutrality?!? If he believes so strongly in opposing it, where were his strong reactions before he had to save face?  It's fucked up and quite honestly it makes me a bit depressed at our current political state of affairs. It's all such a joke.
Ramen
This is pretty damn scary considering that the patient the health worker treated was the first person to come down with Ebola symptoms while in the US. They were extremely well prepared for that patient, they were extremely careful, and they put vast resources into keeping it from spreading. Yet it still spreads.  I'm fearful of what will happen when enough cases start popping up that such resources cannot be dedicated to single cases. I hope to god they find a significant/fixable flaw with their previous treatment and containment procedure... Because if they don't, it's very bad news for what the future might hold.
There is no greater punishment.
If it's just used for storing media and it isn't being shared out to hundreds of simultaneous users then cheap consumer NAS drives should be sufficient. You won't get much benefit with hybrid drives, as your content is media and hybrids mostly assist with increasing speeds for files that have a typical load pattern (like those used by the OS).  Vibration and heat shouldn't be a problem, especially if you have a CoolerMaster with that many bays. They designed it for that, and your drives won't be running extremely hot anyway.
Your Dad is a pretty cool guy Sam. He looked so cool I decided to take my time machine back to greet him Sam.   Side note: Paint sure is sticky!
It's truly incredible how common rare diseases really are across the population. I have a neurological/autoimmune illness and while the specialists know what antibodies I have, and what the symptoms are, very little is actually understood about the illness... to the point where it doesn't even have a name.   Prior to the antibody find I was told I may have the following ALS (first), Stiff Person Syndrome (two months later), Neuromytonia (three months later), Parkinsons or Multi System Atrophy (six months later). Then when they found the antibody they told me it was none of these previous suspects. The only real treatments currently known are suppression of the immune system or plasma exchange (both treatments I have been lucky enough to avoid)... And those are basically some of the most generic treatments out there. All of this both scares me and excites me when it comes to our understanding of neurological illnesses... It scares me because often diagnoses are often just educated guesses and change frequently with the symptoms, and because the underlying pathology of many of these illnesses is unknown. But it greatly excites me also, because I can see we are in the infancy of understanding, and that means incredible advances lay before us!
The violent 'protesters' have been causing trouble for over a week. They seem hellbent on getting some violent clashes to take place, probably because they foolishly find it to be adventurous and fun. If they haven't stopped yet, they probably won't stop for the National Guard. It's going to be very interesting, because in many previous historical instances where the National Guard is called in to stop riots, they end up shooting and killing multiple rioters... and that was before social media. Now with Twitter, Facebook, and all the other social media so easily accessible, I could foresee this turning into long term 'insurgency' of sorts, with race being the underlying factor in who is being attacked and who is attacking.
Well by technological standards the same thing could be said about Afghanistan, Iraq, Chechnya. and Somalia.   Edit: Oh you're a Californian. Probably an illegal immigrant too. Well if violence ever does break out and we're on opposite sides of a conflict, I hope we meet. *I love you*