Big ass tree
Right into his ear.
The way that NiMH batteries discharge makes it impossible for most devices to give an accurate reading of battery life.  So it might even read 100% and die a minute later. At a Lectrosonic event, they described the difficulty that, the change in charge of a lithium ion battery dropping from 100 to 99 was greater than the change in a NiMH from full to empty.
It sounds exactly like the picture regardless.
Looks like we're out of a job.
Spend some money on a decent harness. Portabrace makes a cheap one. It will save your back. And it will make you feel like John McClane  http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B0010BZKFI?pc_redir=1408585832 robot_redir=1
Between the two I think you will enjoy the 633 a little more. I agree the noise floor on the 633 is a little louder, but over all it shouldn't be too much of a deciding factor for you. It's a great recorder, that's compact, super easy to use and well built. The SD 600 series reminds me a lot of the 552 or 442, built like tanks, they will last. I use the 664 for my kit and I fins the user interface to be much more streamlined than the 700 series recorders.
I attended a lectro event in Chicago and their representative promised that the L Series would be within about 200 to 300 of the 400 series pricing. For example he said he didn't believe the new LMb pack would go for more than 1000, and he also hinted at a drop in pricing for the old LMa packs.
I think to keep it in budget get the Rode lavs with the XLR adapters. That should work best. The countryman b6 or the sanken cos11D are also great lavs but I think would it would put you over budget and the rodes are surprisingly good.
Freelancer Business Question   I'm new to the game of freelancing and the real world in general (I just graduated). I'm starting to get gigs fairly regularly, and I want to get my taxes in line sooner than later. Any advice on the subject? I'm considering forming an LLC, does any one have experience with doing that or know of the benefits of it?
Oh god. Seems like a great opportunity to teach your utility the importance of cable cleaning.
Thanks so much everyone!
DMP looks awesome! Thanks for the suggestion!
Could you post the code or the program you made? That is awesome!
Ebay is a great idea!  Loads of awesome stuff on there, and people are constantly selling pro gear for amazing prices. However! Do your homework, because counterfeit products are out there!
Easily the best investment you can make for your kit. They last a few hours, charge fairly quickly and they can easily power wireless kits as well. Reduces stress and budget.
We had a cat security detail on our commercial shoot at a dairy farm yesterday.
The I/O setup is great! It definitely looks like they heard the complaints about Audio input for the other cameras. No meters and all that. Now they have huge meters and you can see the waveform, I'll be able to check levels on camera from across set, or from a plane.   Crazy, but awesome.
Definitely one of the reasons H4ns are prosumer. But for a lot of people on this form they only budget a few hundred for sound equipment and the Tascam and h4n are their best bets.   I'm running a Sound Devices 664, but that is a whole other level of investing haha
I've had a lot of trouble getting the H4n to play nice with anything. What do you use with the Zoom that works well?
In that price range I always suggest the Rode NTG 2. Its a fairly good mic for the price and I think it's better than the Sennheiser ME66, which is a similarly priced mic.
A Harvest Nope
I've had many similar experiences on set and all I can say is it gets better. In class projects tend to be crappy. You get stuck in groups with people that have no ambition and no interest in learning any of the skills necessary to make a good film. My experience at film school was that there are two kinds of students that go there. The ones that go to class and the ones that go to set.  You'll start to build up contacts of people you like working with at school and your projects will improve as you start to weed out the lazy kids.  I'm not a director,  just a sound guy, but knowing who to work with is incredibly important.    Also saw you were in Midwest and I'm in Chicago and completely agree with your analysis of Columbia College.
I should make the correction that screen writing students hate feedback. The profressionals know its part of the industry.
Spicy Banana Disaster
Chicago weather sumed up in one picture (OC)
JVC 750 is great for long term shooting like your lecture or Documentaries. Very Large Camera though.
It's not bad, but Dialogue is mixed way too low and it sounds heavily EQ'd
My parents used to make me great costumes (Green Ranger)
Thanks Killing Music
First edit of my promo for NASA for Class
Forgot about my GoPro time lapse when I went out last night. (OC)