Protesters in Berkeley get naked to try to save trees
Salesforce Inc. is a global cloud computing company headquartered in San Francisco, California.   http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Salesforce.com
From Daily Cal: Marc Benioff, Salesforce CEO, to deliver UC Berkeley's spring commencement address
There's no professor named Jacques Larue at Cal, this is fake.
Daily Cal wrote about it: http://www.dailycal.org/2014/12/10/protestors-break-peter-thiel-speaker-event-wheeler-hall/
Protesters disrupt Peter Thiel speaker event at UC Berkeley
Live updates from the second day of ongoing protests in Berkeley
Police fire tear gas at hundreds of protesters and students in Berkeley during Eric Garner protest
200 students occupy campus building at UC Berkeley over 28% tuition increase
Letter alleges fraternity member drugged, sexually assaulted woman at Halloween party
Watch the 2014 Berkeley election results live!
Dirks "looks forward to welcoming" Bill Maher despite student opposition
Keep in mind web archive removes some formatting and only really preserves images and text.
Really? You couldn't fuckin stick it out for two more days?
See the Holiday Assembly streamed LIVE! This Friday 12/21/12 @ 11:00am-12:30am
Fight Club. A twist doesn't make a movie good.
That's from UC Berkeley's SQUELCH
The Leopard by Giuseppe di Lampedusa - fantastic
Campbell Hall doesn't exist at the moment, so in fact your method is quite difficult.
I'd guess it's about 50/50. I got in from number 23 I think last year but I don't know how many more people got in. I can't imagine a ton. Great class though. If you don't get in this semester, definitely try again next fall.
Don't you mean platypus bear?
Hey, I was thinking Abe Lincoln
Are you at Felix neck?
That's a pretty cool Heat map
One big answer?  Pages and pages of codes, regulations and laws, all using the English system.  They are unlikely to be changed because converting these values into metric is messy.  "This building code requires 2.74 meter high ceilings, and the stairs must each be 16 cm tall." or "Companies are allowed to dump, 30,564 liters of sewage into the neighboring stream."  There is a massive amount of regulation that needs to be taken into account.  Also there are dangers involved with changing the units people are familiar with. Imagine the height limit signs on bridges that prevent trucks who are too large from hitting the bridge. Mistakes would constantly be made during the transition period. It's just not worth it.   The truth is, the metric system has replaced everything that matters. We use milligrams for our medication and most scientific research uses metric. NASA sure does. How we measure our drinks and weights really don't matter in the scheme of things, so we don't use metric. Metric's advantage is not important enough to replace the small stuff.
not knowing engineering is no excuse for laziness in preproduction. someone on the writing staff knew something about basic high school chemistry.
Reavers.
so would I
most of us arent even at BCA anymore.   so go recruit!
Get the book looked at and appraised before you have any work done on it. Often work done on an antique will lower its value.
Berkeley Alum wins Nobel Prize in Economics
please for the love of god, learn to spell