But what is.... Mars?!
Fuck a monkey.
He shall make for a great companion in a desolate vault, or a great prop (or a thousand) for a social experiment.While you're at it, you should take up metal working too and make him some power armor.
On the positive side you made it to the toilet in time.
I'd recommend finishing NV and then moving on to FO3, this way you can take the extra time to read notes, look at the little nifty details and take it all in, before moving onto FO3. FO4 doesn't come out for another few months so don't bother rushing, take your time with each and enjoy every little detail you can.
There is a sample of each on the Fallout wiki.  Edit: Source ~ http://fallout.wikia.com/wiki/Gary_%28clone%29   Found under notable quotes.
G7F2P-MWYJ9-3HHT4-KMQKF-XY9FZ Hope you love it~! Please reply if you get it, so others don't waste time trying to claim it.
Depends on the game, but in some games e.g. Battlefield, you should never reload prematurely unless you are 100% sure it's safe, because you could always walk into somebody whilst reloading.
How could anybody argue with that.
He forgot a letter.
Ouch, well I wish you good luck in acquiring the skin and hope that HiRez does give you the skin.
Tea, I find it more calming/relaxing.
Happy Cake Day~!
What server do you play on?
That would be the change over to season 2, which is hoped to be out by 11th Feb last I heard
Currently 6496 on Frostmourne....BRING IT ON (This could take like 8 hours)
Last moment saves as Geb in a premade conquest
Kali 1v1
What game is it?
Well I play Aphrodite Solo, I prioritize warlocks sash so that I get get the stacks early and sometimes I like to start with a bumba's mask since the mana regen on that can really help, but otherwise I'd go with a shroud.
Not to be rude or anything, but I could not understand what that meant.
Heyo
Another piece of advice is actives, while beads can be really good, on a support it would be wiser to get something that helps your team, e.g. heavenly agility, shell or creeping curse. And would be nice to get a reply for feedback but can't since it is only for ranked, but looking at your stats you didn't seem to have done bad. If you have any questions feel free to PM me.
Before the Cabrakan update in which it fixed itself, I couldn't hear any gods taunts, jokes or laughs. Can you hear any of them for other gods?
Exactly, I'm getting sick of players who just want a snowball game, who cares if you're down eg 10 kills, if you work together and try you could actually bring it back instead of surrendering.
When I get a Geb shield on at the last second saving them with the smallest amount of health and they escape (although it generally inspires people to run back in *sigh*)
Mine was stuck there for a few minutes around 7 minutes ago or so, but after a while it started to go up again, so for me all I had to do was wait.
I love when people are actually friendly and a lot of fun can come from it, wish I was in that game with you sounded awesome.
Support Apollo
What region is it for, NA or EU?
Neith being my favorite god, I would love this.
How to get cats?   does anybody know how to get cats would love some feedback, thanks.