Haha.   You are too funny you know that
Are you fucking serious?!?  Because he has literally had a handful of matches on the main shows.  He is still in the very early stages of his career in the WWE.   I wish his character either had more depth or they just pushed him as an asshole that can have a really good match  He is literally that.  He is an asshole that has had amazing matches.
yeah... and while we are at it let's get rid of DDTs, Powerbombs, Superkicks, etc etc etc.  Oh and by the way, the Zig-Zag is in no way an STO.  Same goes for Slater's.  They are neckbreakers if anything.  Sister Abigail is a spinning reverse STO and it looks damn good and devsatating.
...HERE COMES THE MONEY! !!!!!!
...is Carmen SanDiego!  Sorry I couldn't help myself.  Probably lying on the side of the ring or made his way to the back.  You'd run too if you got hit with the Taker lights.
Because the act of losing to John Cena has really been the only thing that has put them in their current positions?  Wow you are fucking stupid.
Lil Jimmy
Keep an eye out for the friends of the road Bubs
The S.S. Mahfacka
Eugene. ..definitely Eugene
Not just the stories, but his actual matches too.  Same formula.  Show up, gyrate and slick hair back, point to self getting in ring, slight offense, get ass kicked, oversell, comeback (clotheslines, corner splash, neckbreaker, yeahhhhh!) more ass kicking, occasional Zig Zag outta nowhere, get hit with finisher and oversell).  I'm not saying he is horrible, just boring and predictable (same could be said about others, i.e. Orton, Sheamus, etc).  HE could be used better somewhere else like GFW or ROH or NJPW, although he would make far less.
There it is... LOLCENAWINS!
[Here you go](http://imgur.com/KKre14x)
I'd like to see [Ayako Hamada](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ayako_Hamada) but with the TNA past who knows.  WWE does seem to be lessening the blocking of ex-TNA talent so this could happen.
Righty-o Mr Jericho.  Pip Pop and the such.  Cheerio
Rikishi and Reigns do it and become Umanga
That was honestly the thing that turned me off off TPB for the first season.  It was so annoying.  But the more I watched and realized they didn't happen anymore the more I loved the show.
Randy Orton... it's gotten to the point where every match of his is the same and it's gotten so stale
That's on me!    So great lol
What about Rollins vs Ambrose?
Mark Henry and Mae Young
You get my upvote
Makes sense... sorry I am a bit slow today lol
Hey I put SPOILERS in the title.  You know the drill with that.
I'm saying everyone has the right to post what they want on this sub given it is within the rules of it.  And the last time I looked fantasy booking was not prohibited on here.  And once again let me say that you chose to read this post even though you knew going in you were going to be negative about it.  And you offered no criticism other than saying you hate how people make these posts.  Instead you could have just kept your mouth shut and commented on other posts that are on the sub that "fit the mold" of what you think should be posted here.
You're an idiot... they are putting these guys in competitive matches with cena that showcase them and that they can hang with the top guy in the company.  You don't have to lose to someone to put them over.  Yes it can be done that way but it's not the only way.  But I don't expect you to take anything anyone says as legit unless they 100% agree with what you are saying so I guess I am wasting my time on a lost cause that is you.
So that one match made the whole PPV a disappointment?  You say you're disappointed but then only talk about one storyline.  What about the BRC v New Day match, or the awesome I Quit match, or the Ryback v Wyatt match?
You also have to remember that Kane is:  a. Older than he used to be so he can't take as much punishment b. Not the same character as the guy who used to no sell chair shots  I get it if you have issues but make sure they don't make you sound like you are looking for reasons to just hate on Cena
Top rope and springboard finishers are more of a face thing.  Having it be just part of his move set doesn't make it as much of a face move.
It was intended to look like he threw all his weight against Taker to squish him into the steps.  It also helped explain why he was limping a bit during the match (in reality I believe he sprained his ankle earlier that day)
That is an awesome badass picture
[I love this idea](http://www.mccormick.com/Grill-Mates/Recipes/Main-Dishes/Jalapeno-and-Cheddar-Stuffed-Burgers)