Typical Countryfolk
Terminators Publicity Team Really Raised The Bar
CHOO CHOO. Off I go.
Nothing like a good ol' meatspin.
Redrock Micro's HLO May Just Change the Way We Think About Pulling Focus (X-Post r/Cinematography)
Thanks for the heads up. I see those comments a lot as well and my work is growing ever so slightly so I am hoping to be able to craft a few variations of my showreel to show my experience in said areas.  I also see what you mean by coming across as amateur. At the moment I am still in film school and don't want to come across as too presumptuous by labelling myself as a 'Cinematographer' or 'D.O.P' especially as it is a title I have barely scratched the surface of. But in my next reel i'll cut it out. Thank you.
Video of the Solar Eclipse in Falmouth, Cornwall
Tom Cruise in Collateral (2004)
The Last Of US.
Cafe Kino on Gloucester Road.
Plus the companies who they attacked will probably sue them for causing their servers to go offline.....or hire them.
I got no quarry with that.
*They see me rowing, they hate it*
TIL People believe news reports by CNN.
I fought the internet and won some bargains.
Nice one Jay. It's Luca on your course.
Dara 'O' Briain on gaming
She was really pleasant to talk too despite her day off and was happy to take a picture. You'd be surprised actually, another 6 people recognised her when she was walking away.
It is indeed.
Not really, we stumbled across a set in the making yesterday on the hillside with the "Red Keep" in the background but we found that by luck. I have a picture on my profile of it and it is going to be used in season 4.
No I would be skeptical too. Me and my gf just managed to book the right place at the right time. Adds a new level of fun to a holiday.
Swear down. It isn't built yet and there were two Croatian men building it. We asked and they said it was ok. I can provide proof if needed but they are filming GoT in Dubrovnik right now. I also met Brienne today so check my profile.
TIL The famous "Margherti" scene from Inglorious Basterds is a reference to the director of "Cannibal Apocalypse" Antonio Marghereti. He is also a character in the game Dead Island.
Never tried this position when gaming
Wheres Solid Snake?
Bill Murray.
Kung Fu Monkey
Yeah but what part of Bristol do you live in?
Romney winning the election.
They're raping Indie.
George and Steven need to be stopped.
That cat loves pot.