Indeed
I can't believe water desalination is still difficult (or expensive). Of course I know nothing about it, but here is what I think:  In places where water is scarce, it's normally hot, so boiling water does not require soooooo much energy. I am sure you can build a few of them plants for a few million Dollars and build pipelines.  Who's gonna pay for it? Just ask some rich dudes if they want to be loved by a whole continent for 20% of their money. If I had the money, I would totally give.
Yes, exactly this kind of thing. But they are in Bath and unfortunately I left it for too long. Her Birthday in tomorrow. Thank you very much anyway.
Is there a way to let Android remind me of birthdays?   I would like not to add reminders but to simply turn on the "permanent notification on a day that one of my contact has his/her birthday".   This would be much appreciated.
My reply to those people: don't like reddit? Don't use it!
I totally get where your question is going.   All the answers make sense and try to show you a way to get out of an awkward situation.   However I would like to recommend something else.   If somebody has a certain budget and wants to spend that, that's fine. To that person it won't matter if they can get the same quality (considering their level of skill) as with one that is below their budget. So if you actually have the knowledge, recommend a camera that is good and is within their budget. Who are you to say that their pictures will turn out like shit and they don't have the potential to actually make use of the camera.  Now the important part is manage expectations. Try before buy is the motto. Who buys an expensive camera before taking it for a spin? If you have the time, let them take a few pictures with your camera. They'll see what they look like. If you don't have the time, tell them to ask in the store. Of course you should tell them why they should try the camera first and see what pictures they end up with.   But you shouldn't feel bad and it should not be an awkward situation. If you recommend something and they are too lazy to try it first: their fault. They don't have to follow your advice.   And for the guy who complained after: why don't you show him the kind of picture you can take with it.
Be prepared for nightmares
Got to love England
Fuck me? Fuck you! When did I say he deserves it. If he is in an area where he is worried his wheels might get stolen and he is not smart enough to lock the frame as well, then it's his fault.
Do this and just eat less.   https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B2oknZg-EI8xZFVkemhWMWlkVDg/edit?usp=sharing   There is no excuse. No matter your level you'll find the right exercise. It takes less than 45 minutes 3 times a week. If you're a beginner you can do all of it at home.   /r/bodyweightfitness  Hit me back in 3 months and tell me how your doing.   Edit: you're not your.
Saved because it's great music, but not what I would like to wake up to. Thanks for the music though
Not very pareto...  Edit: Thinking about it, I don't have enough information to make that statement.
You know what: I live in London and I always say the same thing.   Last weekend I went to Bruges in Belgium and you know what? London is not that expensive (apart from rent?mortgage) You can do a lot for free and a lot of good food is available for good money. If you're modest you can have a good life and don't even need that much money for it.
Actually, just found it.   http://forum.xda-developers.com/z3-compact/development/stock-firmware-23-1-0-690-generic-t3056413  I'll probably do it tomorrow during my lunch break. I hope I won't fuck it up.  Good night
I said the same to the other guy:  Sorry man, I realise that the information I have provided is BS. I'll do a second post later with better information, pics and goal. Sorry to waste your time.
Not sure if you spewak German. Here is an overview of best plans in Germany at the moment. This is from today:  http://www.mydealz.de/40506/die-besten-handytarife-zum-wochenende-der-uebersicht-kw-5/   EDIT: I think this is the one you want. But maybe a problem because you might not be selfemployed.    Tarifkonditionen o2 on Business XL nur fr Selbststndige, Freiberufler und Kleinunternehmer  Allnet Flat in alle dt. Netze  SMS Flat in alle dt. Netze  10 GB bei 50,0 Mbit/s LTE  120 Freiminuten von Deutschland nach EU, USA, Canada, Russland   Trkei (Festnetz   Mobilnetz)  1000 Frei-SMS in der EU, Schweiz, Norwegen, Canada   USA  500 MB Datenvolumen in der EU, Schweiz, Norwegen, Kanada und USA  Multicard inklusive  Grundgebhr: 18  51,11  (in den ersten 6 Monaten fllt keine Grundgebhr an)  Anschlussgebhr: 0,00
Would anybody kindly tell me if I can safely root, back up DRM keys, unlock bootloader, install a custom rom and then, in case I don't like it reverse it all to stock rom with full functionality (and root)?
Sorry to be difficult. I just want to understand why you think that.   I personally think it should be like this:  As an example:  at 8:00am the machine starts and you can see it because it has not yet left - here we all have the same understanding  at 8:01am you are still standing in the room, for you, 1 minute has passed. For the traveler (assuming he is traveling at 60x speed) 1 second has passed but still at 8:01am both of you are still in the room.   at 9:00am it is still the same. 1 hour has gone by for you, for the traveler 1 minute went by, but both of you are still in the room.   This is the case for every second of every minute of every hour. Both of you are always in the room at the same time. It is not like for the time traveler a "different universe is opening" and he is travelling through an alternative time. Same universe, same time, just at different speeds.  Please explain why I should not be able to see him?
Reading all of this, I hope that my parents spend all their money while they are alive so me and my family never have to fight over anything. It's so not worth it.
If they do it better than all the others I don't mind the wait
Surely not right now. They will wait for the beginning of the second half to see how it's going. Also who is there who could do a better job?
Never say never
thank you.
not useless
Same here. Love that one.
Why is that?
Get the HTC M7 then. Full HD 4.7" , premium material. Stil quick enough for all you want to do. I used to have that phone. I also love the sense UI. I only changed to the z3c because of the battery and camera. I don't regret my choice.   But keep in mind that the HTC One M7 only has a 0.1" bigger screen, but it also has the back and home button separate. The z3c has them on the screen. That means you get a screen with is 0.1" smaller and is also occupied by the navigation button at the bottom.
I do understand that very well, thank you. You are saying that people won't behave the way I suggest because it would only benefit them if everyone else also behaved that way. However it seems more likely to people that even if they behave correctly, everyone else won't thus putting themselves at a disadvantage. Therefore, they also behave incorrectly.  However, somebody needs to do the first step and bite the bullet. However it seems to me you won't be the one.
I had a HTC One M7, dropped it a million time. I few bends, but the phone does not break even without a case. I loved the phone, because of Sense. Best UI in my eyes. But the battery life was terrible. I now got a Z3 compact and I think I will love it. No case either. Battery seems good, but I don't see it as being as amazing as everybody says.
Thanks. I'll give it a try.
If you don't like it you don't like it, that's fine. But for me it is one of the most important things I have ever watched. Two of the main characters, Jack and Daniel, have actually influenced me a lot. I still think that trying to be a bit of both will make the perfect human being. The two of them unite traditional values and open-mindedness perfectly. They are and forever will be my role models.
Haha!  Love it.