I actually have a younger cousin that behaves exactly like the youngest kid, believe it or not. I thought he was the most realistic character in the entire film.
ok
I'm really hoping that we've still seen only very little of this movie. What if the T-rex vs. I-rex scene is only halfway through the movie, just like the T-rex scene is halfway through the first Jurassic Park.  Ah, I doubt it. A boy can dream. The marketing on this probably has shown a clip from every scene of the movie.
Ahhahah what the fuck!?
Sorry. I didn't know my opinion would get downvoted. I just get the feeling that Kanye cringes every time he hears that song. It's a product of its time.
that's awesome! good work
I get what you're saying. But I feel like JP3 is just a monster movie. There's something missing.   Haven't read TLW yet.
leave NATO out of this.
What a douche.
NOSFERATU
MBDTF, Cruel Summer, College Dropout, Yeezus, WTT, 808s, Late Registration, Graduation  i really like cruel summer...  seems like it's pretty clear that everyone thinks MBDTF is a masterpiece.
Yooo I had low expectations for this and I got to On Sight and I'm seriously turning up in my car right now!   edit: Oh my god, and I've never even *heard* God Level before! This shit bumps!
This! Even in the Lost World, Isla Sorna was totally abandoned. It would be great to see a story of the hurricane hitting the island and seeing shit hit the fan as workers try to get off the island as dinosaurs begin to break loose. I always felt like Isla Sorna was a more ambitious project than the '93 Isla Nublar. I want to see it before it was hit by the storm.
This is trash, dog
How is your self esteem?
Oh my GOD! I LISTENED TO THAT SONG SO MANY TIMES IN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL!!! 5th grade, 2005, specifically! I really thought it was Weird Al. Me and my buddy used to jam out to this in his shed when we first learned how to use the internet on our own. There was a YTMND and I remember finally finding an mp3 of it and being so happy. My parents didn't like it when I sang it at the dinner table. Haha I'm so happy you made this post. Thank you, catthedd. You had an influence on some young children in Arizona.
I kind of like it. It's charming.
You.
Yee...
What??? Really??
Disappointment.
Aw, that's so tough. He only has a couple albums and I love so many of his songs. [This](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wIuBcb2T55Q) might be a good introduction. Guy's a fuckin weirdo. I'd check him out, definitely grows on ya
Them marijuana cigarettes
Plot twist: toxic gas
It might be hard to believe, but life will get better. Just remember that you live *now*, not in the future. Just focus on enjoying the moment that you're experiencing right now. Sending you love, brotha.
Thank you for sharing... absolutely made my day finding this out. :)
*Ur all trowls
Batman looses his head
Rolling Stones in France, 1971
Slutdog Millionaire.
weak skulls
Hi guys, I asked the question. I've been having some very grown-up thoughts lately. I'm 20 years old, and I've been an atheist as long as I can remember. I, like what seems like most people on the internet, always thought that religion is stupid.   This year, I've been revisiting some of my ideals. I became obsessed with space after watching 2001, the Cosmos, Contact, and Interstellar. The way I viewed the universe started to change. Are the scriptures all just gypsies and fairies, or is there any truth to be found? What is beyond the universe, and why did we come into existence? It's almost like I went full circle with my beliefs. Concepts that always seemed impossible to me now make more sense than ever. Marijuana and the art of film has given me a newfound spirituality. Pi and The Last Temptation of Christ gave me remarkable insight into what religion actually could mean. I thought that believing in God was close-minded. Now I wonder: is being an atheist the real close-mindedness? Shutting out all religious ideas doesn't seem 100% logical to me.   So tell me: ***Does God Exist?*** Has anyone else struggled with their sense of religious identity before? If anyone has any good *science* to bring to the discussion, that'd be great. Think philosophically, atheists. What lies beyond? Nothing? What could lie beyond? Could our consciousness transcend this dimension into another? Could extraterrestrial life be our biblical "God"?   Thank you! It's all just so confusing!(I love having my mind blown!) :)