I have that same keyboard, and I hate it...
That is insane. Glad our nukes were safely secured!
The 3-digit code we got for the Golden Grin vault....
That took me a second hahahaha
Just an average tree...
*grumble grumble america grumble grumble*
*passive aggressive content creator*
Have a Camelbak (or water bladder) that attaches to your military backpack (or vest) without taking up any space (much like a holster). It holds 2 liters and can be used while moving, rather than stopping.  Also the Coyote pack from Arma 2, that spawns at nato heli crashes with an area of 30 (6x5).   Also, spawning in fresh with a battery, flashlight, AND a walkie-talkie, to bring back side chat in a way, would be pretty neat.  EDIT: Camelbak not Camelpak
BI pls fix.
*mobile loot* took me a while.
I didnt expect to laugh out loud so badly while on the toilet today.
Holy shit dude, thats metal.
/r/theydidthemath
DayZ
764
I mean shit if he had a chart, hes right...
I for one love the crown victoria police car, for some reason i love that car and the way it looks in a police color scheme. If they were to add something for me it would be a Suburban SUV, and a Suburban police variant. If it holds eight people that will make my month
I imagined him with a Texas accent.
I just got a chill. The chances that this is a real story hit me at the end...
Confusin what is real!!
Nice rifle!
Thank you for making me feel welcome!
First AR! Picked this up from the store a few days ago. Not much but proud to be an owner now!
Oh shit they are the zombies!!! Its just worded very very well!
everyone!
10/10 would crossbow again
Damnit Abigail. Get your shit together!
Yeah, OP, i get you want this and i think its nice, but the truth is, they cant (and wont, i dont blame them) change a whole system that is already made, just to make crafting a bit more challenging.  Also, in some ways i dont like your idea. If you think to dayz epoch, it is very hard to build there. That has its problems, as it creates an extreme gap between the group of 10 guys with a cinder fortress and the noobs in the tent that get gunned down every five minutes.
Even in dayz, kos city, i make it my goal to not have to put anyone down. Dont get me wrong, i die a lot, but i plan to be the friendliest guy you will meet.
Yeah the garand is the one im praying for.
Okay i see your point. The only problem for me is if i miss that first shot, im toast.
Its most likely that same part, but for the Remington 870