Once you become a engine mechanic of such advanced skill and ability, where you can tune up any car on the planet, the only way out is....    One you know how to grill the perfect hamburger, that tastes greater than all the other hamburgers....   It's just nuts.
overview for johnharrison1
overview for PurposeDweller
overview for theherbguy1
overview for zohaibakhlaq
I've  never really understood the whole "I don't like it so we must disallow it's entire existence" attitude a lot o people have.   I don't like horror movies, but I don't advocate for a ban on them.  I don't like current Tonight Show host Jimmy Fallon, but I have not petitioned the government to publicly execute him.     Why can't people just be okay with things they don't like?   If you don't like Felicia Day, don't read articles she writes or watch videos she puts on the internet.  The Internet is a big place.    For some reason, that just seems simple.   I guess it's not.   Of course, I will still never forgive George Lucas for the prequels.   One still has to have some standards.    But something about the billions of dollars tells me that George probably doesn't care what I think.   :-)
For a long time it was true.   But as with many things, Reagan didn't like the rule so he appointed judges who disagreed with the idea.   And then in 1994 Gingrich Revolution when the GOP won control of Congress.... the Senate largely only confirms judges who allow Churches a lot of latitude to lobby for candidates.   They get away with saying "We really like Congressman Smith" instead of "We endorse Congressman Smith".    And since they didn't say *endorse*,  they are allowed to all-but-endorse candidates.    As long as they stop just short of saying "Vote for Congressman Smith", then it's not political.   At least according to a lot of judges out there.  So the IRS and other government agencies that might call them on the lobbying efforts have learned to ignore it except in the most egregious cases.
You won't need to worry about [that](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NeFkrwagYfc) for a while.
overview for r1975p
Here is some [gold](http://i.imgur.com/XLvn125.jpg) for you.
overview for youcantcensorthis
overview for Yuvrajsinh
overview for Jeremy57
It's even a rather simple and straight forward thing to get unshadow-banned.  All one has to do is say to the admins "I'm sorry, I won't do that again.  Please give me a second chance".   Sure, the admins probably won't give them a 17th chance, but 2nd and 3rd chances are not unusual for the admins to grant.    The problem with most of the people babbling about conspiracies are that they never think they go too far.   Since calling the parents of school shootings victims and accusing them of being actors doesn't cross a line for them.... that just means breaking a few the rules of Reddit isn't going to cause them any moral qualms in the least.
Admins can do whatever they want with regards to the site. If you don't like it, leave.  Hey, we're not going to get this wish.  They will never leave.  Instead they will just bitch and throw a fit for.... as long it's interesting to them.   As soon as a new cat video comes along, they'll watch that and not leave.     Yes, they should leave.  For the love of all that is both holy and unholy they should leave.   But we're not going to get that lucky.
overview for afinedrizzle
overview for shihshukao
overview for thegeekticket
overview for JulieMell
overview for merg789
overview for thermo999
overview for winstonscrownjeweler
overview for Savina58656
overview for prashant16
All hail /u/Deimorz, the best of the Admins!
The opening of the Wikipedia article on [the Holocaust](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Holocaust) addresses this issue with this sentence.    Some historians use a definition of the Holocaust that includes the additional five million non-Jewish victims of Nazi mass murders, bringing the total to approximately eleven million. Killings took place throughout Nazi Germany and German-occupied territories.
overview for drloonaclinic
overview for ahpmat
overview for sjh31
overview for SamPlayz
I'm sorry, but your submission here has been removed. This subreddit is specifically for help with Reddit. As Phew1 already suggested, you should try asking your question your question in /r/askwomenadvice, /r/askwomen, /r/birthcontrol or a similar subreddit.   Thank you.
I know people on both sides of this one.  I am still confused as to what actually happened.  I know enough about Reddit drama to know that not all the information is out here and generally known.   There is definitely something else at play here that is not known outside of their politics_mod subreddit.    I know Luster and TheRedditPope and mod with them at places.  They are good mods and good people.  I also know noeatnosleep and mod with him as well.   He is also a fine moderator and a good person.   I don't like seeing all the people condemning Luster and Pope when I am sure there is more to this drama.   I really have to think that this is a giant misunderstanding where nobody wanted to back down for some reason or other.   Hopefully everyone makes up soon and they all get back to moderating their subreddit.