Yes. One of those moments when I realized I can never articulate an idea as beautifully as that.
Awesome, thank you!
Do you honestly think someone could get 30 sacks against a user?
Half-full League Needing More Members   EDIT: This is a PS4 league  We are a very tight knit and fun league looking to add more teams. We like long walks on the beach and talking over coffee.  But seriously, we have quite a few open teams from our original fantasy draft. We just set up a DaddyLeagues page, which you can find at http://www.daddyleagues.com/RFFL to check out rosters of open teams.  One of our few rules is that GroupMe is mandatory so games can be scheduled. If you're interested, join that here  https://app.groupme.com/join_group/11854864/I9c4s2 and let us know what team you're picking!
Let's change the rule that allows Cham in...
Thanks for that info! I've legitimately never heard of ECs before, but I'll definitely check them out and hopefully share with our class.
Yeah, unfortunately it was overrun by jackasses last night.
Emily Dickinson!
[Discussion] College Poetry Experiment - Help Needed!   Hello /r/books and r/poetry! My group and I need help with a social experiment for our Poetry for the People class. We are trying to construct a poem with various users submitting 1-2 lines. We want you to feel free to express whatever poetic style you choose, so it can be a sonnet couplet style, free verse, heroic couple, weird stream of consciousness hormonal teen style, or whatever you think of when you think "poetry"  We're looking for anywhere from 25-50 lines to create a completed poem, so we could really use the help. And if you choose to write, please come back and explain your choices in this thread!  Our professor told us that no one had ever successfully completed a social media approach, so we would love to be the first and gloat. Also, my groupmates don't believe in the power of Reddit and I would love to prove them wrong as well. So please help me force some eating of crow and thank you in advance for your help!
Dibbs on the Broncos...
Oh yeah, I loved 2K5. It was an amazing game. Obviously Madden 15 has its problems, but it is definitely the best Madden game in years. I guess take that for what it's worth.
The fact that it happened so quickly leads me to believe it has to be Kubiak as the #1 choice. I would guess they didn't want him to make a decision before they had a chance to offer.
My favorite was supposedly Walt's favorite. The transformation shot from Cinderella. Especially with the music   http://38.media.tumblr.com/943729308874d12857270443efc8b92a/tumblr_ms7i8bhBXt1rpcpwho1_500.gif
Look to the right of the alarm clock. Classic 90s film subliminal message. Timestamp 55:13.
Disney Has Nothing on Beethoven (1992)
Well, life moves pretty fast...
There's actually a documentary about him that's pretty interesting. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1352717/  "John Cazale was in only five films - The Godfather, The Conversation, The Godfather, Part Two, Dog Day Afternoon, and The Deer Hunter - each was nominated for Best Picture. Yet today most people don't even know his name. I KNEW IT WAS YOU is a fresh tour through movies that defined a generation."  Edit: Wow, I didn't expect my simple post to blow up that much. Also, thanks for the gold!
Crash Bandicoot is the Mario of Sony for me. I miss that guy.
Well, that's certainly better than a 24 hour marathon of just Deer Hunter.
The 7th Annual 24 Hour Christmas Movie Marathon   This might get buried today because of the Star Wars craziness, but I wanted to share my Christmas tradition with you guys now that it's officially the Christmas season. Since high school, my friends and I have done this crazy marathon. We buy a shit-ton of terrible food, laugh, and enjoy all the best that Christmas has to offer. Even though my friends live in different states now, they're flying in for this crazy ritual.  I've seen a lot of posts about marathons here, but I have never seen anything as crazy as this. So, hopefully you guys appreciate this and feel free to ask questions!  Here's our schedule: [CMM Schedule](http://i.imgur.com/q0wZ8ou.jpg)
14!
I always read The Great Gatsby around the beginning of summer. I don't know, it just feels right. Plus I feel like I learn something new from it every time.
He's officially out now with a concussion.
Depends on Charles' injury. If he plays, take a risk on Khiry. If Charles isn't playing then you have to go with Knile.
1pt PPR Emmanuel Sanders or Reggie Bush?  The Sanders matchup worries me...
I posted this last night, but it was so late that I didn't really get a response.  10 Team 1pt PPR Trade Away: Percy Harvin Receive: Alshon, Reggie Bush  I'm just wary of Harvin's durability and I like Alshon better long-term.
10 team 1pt PPR  QB: Stafford WR: Megatron, Sanders, Benjamin, Gordon RB: Ball, Gio, Pierce, Doug Martin, Sankey TE: Gronk  WR and the flex are definitely a problem for me. I left a few players off here because I'm working the waiver wire tomorrow.
White Heat!
Everyone hates on it. But you know what? It's motherfucking Turbo Time, so fuck em.
"Where am I? Am I still in prison?" "You're in the hospital." "Ta-da..."
Jingle All the Way. "That was really a bomb? This is a sick world we're living in with sick people!"
Anne and her rules. No walks, no trips to the groomers. In the end, I just snapped. I screamed at her, Anne! Im dying here! It's like we never leave the house! Thank God, these well-dressed German men heard my barking and broke into the attic. Those brave heroes rescued me.