Quercetti Skyrail
Sometimes I wish I was a marble
Here's stuff I noticed, use it if you want.  - Chica's reflection in the window in the hallway - Doorknobs are unusually large - Phone on the floor - Plushtrap is airborne before the light turns on - Hallways are initially out of focus when flashlight is turned on - Creepy picture of man with large white figure (main room, on right) - Lamp is a bowling pin - Unique arrow-shaped pattern on wallpapers - Text fades from red to yellow - There are four bears in Freddles scene - Closet doors slide shut after Freddles scene - Initially Plushtrap is looking at you, but not when he goes limp - Camera whip-pans up from ground after Freddles, but then whip-pans to the right after the closet - Bonnie appears to have human skull behind bowtie - Trailer is in 480p even though other trailers are in 1080p  If you do use this list maybe give a shout-out to YouTube channel train_subject7838.  Rock on
Amazing
Wrote a final paper on Frankenstein and FNAF. Got an 86%   Thought you guys might like this!  I'm a junior (third year) at college and I wrote my analysis paper on Five Nights at Freddy's.  My teacher said she never had a student include a video game as a source before but for some reason she let me do it.  If you're going to read it I have to add that the college is a private Christian school so naturally there's several biblical allusions.  Also, it's not perfect and there are some mistakes.  Here's a link: http://www.docdroid.net/10rk1/fnaf-paper.pdf.html  Student Readers Summary:  In the original order, man is above all creation but falls short of divinity.  Frankenstein portrays a terrifying farce in which this order is disrupted and man creates new life.  5.N.A.F. tells a similar story in which robots are animated via dead children.  Both stories horrify because even the most successful attempts at creating life fall terribly short, and offend the humanity of the audiences.  We are not the sources of life, and in fact need God to supply our own life.    TL;DR:  Humans are incapable of creating anything greater than or equal to themselves, and any living thing created solely with human hands is doomed to be a monster.
There's a loop
I heard that the elevator cables can bunch up and slow your descent at the bottom.  Also a rapid descent can build up compressed air in the lower part of the shaft, further slowing the elevator.   https://web.archive.org/web/20060317041607/http://www.guinnessworldrecords.com/content_pages/record.asp?recordid=53746
Start small and work your way up!  Also, keep your eyes open and relax.  If you want a less intense ride, sit in the middle of the train as the front will go faster into hills and the back will get pulled over the hills faster.  I've ridden every coaster at Cedar Point except for Jr. Gemini and they are all great.  Pretty sure everyone here can give you lots of information on the park if you need it.  Try the wooden roller coasters first; they are less sickening than Corkscrew or Gatekeeper or Mantis (rougarou) because the transitions are less intense.  I actually puked last time I went to cedar point because I rode the Skyhawk swing ride twice after breakfast.  Sudden acceleration and deceleration on a full stomach is dangerous... So take time to digest, haha.  What was the roller coaster you puked on?
Right, that's it
Roller coaster in my house
Breaking free from what you hate. Inspirational video
My friend works the drop tower ride at Knott's and has to keep an eye out for falling cell phones during the entire ride operation.  Says it hurts his neck after a while!
Might be my favorite Daft Punk music video. Remix of "Mothership Reconnection"
Winning the vending machine lottery
Bump what?
Hey it's only giving me email and Steam options, tell me how to fix this.  Do you have a really cruddy email?  Just make a fake account dude
Homemade film about a space ship
Yeah, here it is http://youtu.be/q-8QaN2Kpx0
Did you try the back seat?  Either side is a real trip over that first drop.
Best album to play with FNAF   I don't care if you're waiting for the 3rd game to come out today.  Maybe you're trying to keep everything under control on the subreddit.  Whatever.  One of my favorite albums is Daft Punk's 2005 "Human After All".  Listen to it to make your Friday better. http://youtu.be/wh6Vh0xL0uI   How does this tie in to the game?  1. Human After All - Even if you don't think that the robots in the game are haunted, they have many human qualities gamers have attributed to them.  Curiosity, anger, loneliness, suspicion, playfulness... Do they actually have personalities or is it nothing more than basic programming personified by our imaginations?  2. Prime Time of Your Life - Several children have been cut down in the prime time of their lives at Freddy's Pizzeria.  Listen to how this song starts out slow and fun, but then accelerates into a ridiculous frenzy.  It is over before you fully appreciated it.  3. Robot Rock - Fun to hear the robot voice evolve over the course of this song from a guitar to a voice distinctly saying "Robot Rock".  You can imagine all the robots jamming out to this one on the show stage.  4. Steam Machine - There's no way that the company is good after everything that they've tried to hide.  Fazbear Entertainment is a ridiculous excuse for a corporation, and yet they keep plodding forwards, mechanically wiping everything out of their way.  At the end of the song, it sounds like the whispering voice says "Fear Machine" instead of "Steam Machine".  5. Make Love - Probably represents that weird part of the fandom.  Toy Chica... yeah, never mind.  But on a better note, maybe this relaxed song is about the parents trying to move on without their children and let it go.  6. The Brainwasher - Killer track.  Imagine those hallucinations getting more and more intense as the robots get closer... are they messing with your mind?  7. On/Off  - Sounds like switching a television on and off.  Minor glitch in the system.  8. Television Rules The Nation - Closed circuit television rules the pizzeria!  You are in charge, and somehow the robot's behavior is affected by which cameras you look at and when.  However, this could be the robot anthem against the security guard... you might think television rules the nation, but we'll see who's in charge at the end of the night.  9. Technologic - Shut it.  Wind it.  Switch it.  Find it.  Check it.  Close it.  Quick, replay it.  10. Emotion - Pretty much sums up the whole game.  Do the robots have feelings?  What do they think when the clock strikes 6-o-clock and they realize their robotic programming has made them kill someone?  What do they feel when they get back in their places as the sun rises?  Do the families come back to look at the restaurant and remember?   Anyway, thanks for reading.  Rock on and relax and remember how great the other 2 games have been.
I wasn't sure where one act started and the other ends... So they just kind of fade into each other
Haha the Double Shyamalan... classic
Thanks for reading!
I've only been here a week so it's kinda hard to keep up.  I've brought this theory up a few times and people say it's "likely", but to me it seems pretty obvious to me that the shadow ghost from FNAF 2 is a hint to the next game.
Hello darkness my old friend
Just beat it yesterday!  You can do it, the custom nights are worth it.  Wind up the box 4 twists at a time and shine the light for Foxy, those are the tips that helped me finish it
Love that new pain job
Lionel Trains is rich because of us
Wowsers.  Here's my own story chart in progress http://i.imgur.com/pOG1NNi.jpg
That movie is #8 top grossing all time (adjusted for inflation) and yet it's not on very many "top 100" lists at all.
Infinite marble run
A Lego love story.