I made an easy feta dip! [2450x1838]
I drowned it a bit too much in olive oil, but here is the recipe! Quick and easy. Took me less than an hour. http://www.the-girl-who-ate-everything.com/2012/12/easy-feta-dip.html  My little sister got it off Pinterest, so I made it for her birthday.
Alcohol poisoning for the win.
Am I real?
I can't lie, I didn't read EVERY single word. I tried to speed read through most of what you said and I understand most of the situation. However, in my opinion, I am in no way saying that I have any idea what it's like to be a victim or to be close to someone who was a victim. The story was just touching and I felt some obligation to voice my thoughts. Hopefully they reach you through the flood of comments.  I really think you made the right choice here. I cannot believe the lack of contact and respect her and her family have shown you. Granted, they are her family and they should be sticking by her side regardless of the crappy decisions she makes.  In the end, you did your best. You have to give yourself some credit, you did your best to make it work, to give her her own space, to let her recover and come back to you. I don't care if she needed to, "take her sexuality back," that sounds like a load of bullshit. I feel like an asshole for saying it, but someone needs to tell the truth. If she were to do that, she should've done it with you because she supposedly loved you and wanted to be with you. Being a victim does not give her the right to mush your face in the dirt. Not when you're supposed to be partners for a lifetime.   If she wants to communicate through her therapist then good, let her do that and leave the letter with her therapist. That's the way she wants to do things because she is too afraid to confront you and have a real conversation then so be it. How could she possibly have sex with another man and then treat you like a troll after you try and kiss her. How dare she?   As I said, I speak for myself and my own thoughts. My opinions are my own. Maybe the mentality is different as a victim. That is something I pray I never experience, or anybody I know should ever have to experience. I am truly sorry for her, you, and everyone surrounding you both. Best of luck to you both.
Definitely understandable.
People take this too seriously. If I got hit in the face with a pie out of no where, the first thing through my head wouldn't be, "I'm definitely going have this man arrested." I'd be way too surprised at the fact that I just got pied in the face. Sheesh. That's too funny, I haven't laughed at something on here like that in a while.
Everyone recognized it right away!
I never imagined that this happened in other places.   Here is the newspaper archive from the day the lot collapsed :   http://newspaperarchives.vassar.edu/cgi-bin/vassar?a=d d=miscellany20070223-01.2.4
Sorry for the quality, it's supposed to be the degradation of the parking lot on top of a parking garage. The entire lot has multiple points where it is sinking
Same!!
Around 730-8! I was looking at it and realized that it would be perfect for this subreddit.
Yes
Correct!
So as for the self-starting portion, because I seem to find this a problem with starting positions in the work industry as a whole, will you actually know your daily tasks that you must carry out without direct instructions? Or are you supposed to jump right into a task based on your own instinct? I guess it depends on the supervisor, like you said there are some good and bad ones.
That's a great way of looking at it, I've never thought about it that way. Thank you!
Texting and Driving. A pilot in my old unit said this. I couldn't contain myself.
Volcanoes are sort of like planet pimples.
Buddy spewed this out while driving
Really? You've known the name for how long now? AND it's your own High School. Sorry for the quality.
Fuck me
My friend's cat, Dewey. Looking like an absolute gentleman in his new sweater.
My 14 year old little Scoot Doot! He loves his vacation shirt!
It's a never ending cycle!
"That's real loose butthole," and "Let's get weeeeeird." Both Adam DeMamp from Workaholics
Thank you for the question! My family and I have always vacationed in the Cape, ever since I was little. The beach and lighthouse theme has been a huge part of my life, we have pictures of lighthouses everywhere at home. That was my main inspiration for the piece. The symbolism of guidance and light were also pretty huge to me. That lighthouse specifically was just because I really appreciated the design!
You're welcome!
Very beautiful place.
Laughed way too hard at this
Carolina
Nope.
Ah!! crazy bones! i had the jaws ones all the way on the far left!!