I've read that one too.  I loved it as well.  Some of the science portions were kinda dry but all together I thought it was a fun book.    Another book that I really got into was RPO by Ernest clein.  Wasn't the best written book I've ever read but damn was it exciting.
Nice!
Is he brings on Amy Mcdonald and that German racer chick I'd watch the show.  I think it would be pretty good.
How'd ya get it if you don't mind me asking?
Isn't that the musket from amagi brilliant park? I'm watching it right now and it's very similar.
I just finished it acouple days ago...I don't know what to do with my life anymore.
What is table-kun?
I was just about to ask if this show got any better.  I have my answer.
Good stay away from it.  It's the first step down a mountain of shit.
This is my second bike and I'm in love with it as well.  Well good luck to ya man, sending some good vibes your way.  Have fun out there!
Algebraic!
It's in the middle of the season.  A man in a special helmet kills a woman in front of about a hundred people.  No one does anything to stop him.
Get all your paper work together.  Get the money together.  Check out the bike, take it for a test ride, check the oil, check the body work and if you like it give him the money and leave.
God dammit...just take my upvote.
Well without butters there wouldn't be a southpark.  It's all just a figment of his imagination.
Buck Nobleman
I think living in The Last Airbender universe would be pretty great.  A beautiful world with deep, fleshed out characters and being able to bend the elements.
It's not that I don't like them I just think it's played out.  Mecha anime has been around for awhile, just gets stale.  Knights of Sidonia was good though.
Ya those two desurve some good lovin.
Thanks! Will do.
r/theydidthemath.  If you've never heard of this subreddit before...they're gonna love you.
That's why we left one spoked and one solid.  Couldn't decide which one we liked more so we're gonna keep it like that for a while and decide later.
Bassani covington hot rod pipes.
Third shift Amber ale.
Ending to the devil is a part timer.
Then have the democratic congressmen stand with him and just leave the Republicans at the altar.
Ya I have read all her books.  I liked Dark Places the most but ya you're right.  She writes some brutal stories.
What is the middle one on the bottom row?
Why orange and green?
I have that knife, its a good blade.
Win the player-haters ball.
This is a good sign.  When the arguement is this extreme you can bet that they're scrambling for a reason to continue on.