Giant ball-pit at work for your birthday? Hell ye-...
I am one of those people who paint by priming black, and drybrushing with white.   I've done white with black wash on top, and it has some good and bad things. First of all, the end result ends up looking almost exactly the same. However, you can use washes other than black, and you can get a much brighter miniature, so that's a plus. However, I can never seem to have good luck with white primer. It always ends up chalky, or needs several coats for good coverage, or whatever. Also, you have to work a lot harder to get into the cracks and crevices (basically working hard twice, instead of once). I'm also a fan of the black-lining style of painting, so priming black is kind of a no-brainer.  If you really want, I can try to get some pictures of some from both.  Keep in mind, though, I'm a shit painter, and my goal is tabletop quality, not award winning.
The first question is dependent on the second. Technically, it's not really "in print", since it was a limited run. If you can only find it for $300 or something, it's not really worth it. If you can get it at MSRP or lower, it's a good deal.
Or a golden tuffalo.
It does indeed stand alone.
Cypher system is best system. Seriously. You can check out Numenera or The Strange that's out right now.
"simple"
You've clearly never played in any of my games.
They have free quickstart rules that you can check out [here](http://files.privateerpress.com/ironkingdoms/documents/adventures/IKRPG_Scenario_Fools_Rush_In.pdf) and [here](http://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/146332/Iron-Kingdoms-Unleashed-An-Introduction-to-Savagery).  It's a rules-heavy game with fast, deadly combats. It shares a lot in common with D D in the sense that there are fighters and wizards, dwarves and elves, as it was originally a campaign setting for D D, but it puts its own spin on it. It has since become a wargame, and now it is its own rpg. It can still basically be described as Steampunk D D, but it's hard to explain without knowing what games you are already familiar with.   It has some of the player-driven-narrative strength of Fate without sacrificing structure. It has the some of the best rules intensive combat without getting slow or boring. It uses 2d6 instead of d20 making each point of bonus important while still having luck have some effect on success.   I think the only real drawback I can think of is that the rules are very much married to the setting (I'd kill for a scifi game using the same rules). It's one of my favorite published settings though, so it doesn't bother me too much.
It's mostly just about communication with my players.   Here's an example:  I had a noblewoman who was secretly a dragon in disguise. One of the players thought he'd try his hand at getting information from her, and I warned him that she was a very powerful and dangerous person, whose enemies have a tendency to just "disappear", and she's likely to see through any kind of attempt at manipulation. He ignored the warning, made a terrible attempt at subtlety (neither he, nor his character was any good at it), and then, tried to get her to sleep with him. I warned him, the other players warned him, and he still made the decision to go with her to her room. He died.  Even though he didn't know she was a dragon (until it was too late), I still gave him plenty of warning that what he was doing was ridiculously dangerous, and would likely result in his death.  Now, if I want to surprise my players, and keep things from them, I always give them an out. If they have no inkling that something is going to be dangerous, death is off the table, and I design the encounter that way.   Imagine playing a video game, that doesn't have the option to save, and you've been carefully playing your character for countless hours, and all of a sudden, you walk into a place that gives every indication of being safe, but because of something hidden, you die. You'd probably feel cheated, all that work, and the game designer sucker punched you, making you either start over, or give up entirely. It sucks, and it's pretty much never a good idea.
TIL: Reaper Kickstarters are the Steam sales of miniatures.
Iron Kingdoms is a great pseudo-classless leveling system that also has legal pdfs. [Here](http://wargamerontour.blogspot.com/2012/09/ikrpg-character-construction-102-xp-and.html) is an article all about it (with a nice sneak preview picture).   edit: forgot the link
And even then, it's probably a cheaper buy-in to just buy the minis.
I'm a big fan of Wild Talents, but I've been playing it since the Godlike days, so I'm probably basing a little of it on nostalgia.   For another rules-intensive game Mutants and Masterminds is pretty good. It's based on D20 stuff, but doesn't have some of the bad parts. Combats are still on the longish side though.  I think the Cypher system (Numenera/The Strange) would work really well for a supers game, but I think it works well for almost anything.   I'll also second Fate for a narrative focused supers game.
Books. I think they're called "books".
I absolutely agree with you.
It all depends on the kind of game you are going for. If you are going for hyper-realistic hard scifi, then that sort of thing is fine.   However, when I run scifi games, I make sure to tell people I'm using movie physics, not real-world physics, and what works is based more on whether or not it sounds cool and makes the game interesting.
I actually just ran a session of IKRPG today. It's my go-to game for rules heavy fast and deadly combat.   There are a couple things that really make the system stand out for me (not to mention the amazing setting). One is the 2d6 dice method. It's a fairly predictable distribution, which allows players to reliably strategize, and the smaller range means that bonuses actually mean something. Someone who is strong will be able to reliably make strength based checks.   Another thing is the two career set up. Even if you only were picking one career there are tons of choices. Having two choices *multiplies* that. When you add in the choices for race and archetype, you can really have a ridiculous variety of character combinations.  I also think feat points help it give the players a great deal of narrative control that is common in more rules light games.  Possibly the biggest draw for me is the fast combat. It's not just one thing, but a big part is that "hit points" don't inflate as you progress. You can get better armor and increase your stats to have more hit boxes, but it never gets to the point where you are just chewing through hundreds of hit points by trading blows back and forth. Street thugs with guns are always going to be dangerous.   For Unleashed, I'm super excited to have access to Hordes races and careers. Like the first books, there are a few things I have to homebrew to fix, and that's a bit annoying, but it's not enough to make me not be excited about what's there (the biggest complaint I have is no rules for ranged based warlocks).
No, that is a dragon.
I'm terrible at picking factions, that's why I pick them all. The only factions I don't really care for are Retribution and Skorne, and it has nothing to do with how they play; it's purely on their aesthetics (anime and trunkless elephants aren't my thing).   Trolls are great. If you are worried about it being too straightforward, try out Jarl Skuld for faster hit-and-run style, or Gunnbjorn for a shooty troll force. We can do beast heavy with Doomshaper or Calandra, and can do the stereotypical melee brick with just about anyone (but especially Grissel). Most of the factions have the same kind of flexibility, and just "flavor" it differently.  The thing that makes trolls trolls is that even when they are doing something else, they are tough. A good Gunnbjorn list is nearly as shooty as a typical Cygnar list, but they are going to be harder to take out since absolutely everyone has tough.
Wrong sub, mate.
Give them out as party favors at birthday parties.
I forget who, and I forget what for (I kind of think it was Cards Against Humanity), but a company did an anti-sale, charging more than ever for the product for a limited time. It sold, but they were weirdos to begin with.
Not going to happen. Honestly, even 20 years from now I doubt they will change it.   You'll know it's coming if they do though, because Warmachine MK3 will have been out for probably like five years. MK3 is probably a good 10 to 15 years from happening (if ever), so you've got time.  As for a reprint, maybe? But the errata is what? One page? They aren't like a lot of companies that have entire books of errata and clarifications.
Gorten would destroy everyone if he had more than what he has now.
I've had one or two try, but in a game where how well you do is based on how cool/fun what you are trying to do is, there's not really any need (or benefit) from trying to "game the system". Honestly I can't think of anyone who successfully "got one over on me" or anything like that, and I've played with some crafty (read: pain-in-the-ass) players.  edit: I will say though, it does take a bit of trust between me and my players. I don't have them keep track of things like inventory or ammunition, which lets them have what they need when they need it... until they don't. Basically when I think it'd be cool/fun to have their shit *not* work, I get the same ability to say "You are out of bullets" or "They've traced your call, and you're not sure how". I don't use things like, "You, a highly trained spy, was a total idiot and butt dialed them using your real phone" though, everything I say and decision I make has a reason. If it's likely you used a burner phone, and they tracked you down anyway, there is [something fucky going on](http://imgur.com/r/gifs/IgU4Y), like they have a mole in your group, or they have a super-hacker with ties to the NSA, or they slipped a tracker or bug on your while you were there.
I don't know. I've been here a while, and it's honestly like we all have what we need. There are just a handful of unclear/confusing rules, and once those are cleared up people can just play.   Weekly posts would be pretty cool, I think. Statting out Warmachine/Hordes stuff probably is less productive than the other idea though.  *edited to make my sentence make sense.
[This](http://www.artplaymix.com/portfolio/paizo_hijinx-mag1.gif) was a thing. Might not be what you are looking for, but if you want to check it out, it's for sale [here](http://paizo.com/products/btpy7z7f?Dungeon-Issue-99-with-Polyhedron-158).
It's just a starter adventure and pre-mades for the new Unleashed book. It's the same as what's in the adventure kit, except digital. Map tiles / minis not included.
Minions. 'Cause bacon.
I'll take a crack at this.   Retro-futurism is less about the progression of time since the piece of media was created, and more about the change in mindset, worldview, and aesthetic from what originally spawned it.
Laws are always good, right? This on a topic about a game that specifically has Lawful Evil as a thing.   Early America had slaves, and everyone was totally cool with it. It's not like they [fought a full-blown war with themselves about it or anything](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Civil_War).   "The bible says it's okay, so it must not be evil". I'm going to catch flak for this, I'm sure, but the Judeo-christian god would be Lawful Neutral, at best. Read the crazy shit it says you should be doing in Leviticus.   And I suppose you think Nazis were pretty okay, right? I mean, they didn't even break any laws.