I have been pulled over for that myself and I'm white. I had to pay the fine.
Army chief Odierno, in exit interview, says US could have prevented ISIS rise
Obama greeted in Oklahoma by pro-Confederate protest led by black man
Gay Pride Event Bans Drag Because It Offends Transgendered
SJWs in a nutshell.
A key part of President Obamas legacy will be the feds unprecedented collection of sensitive data on Americans by race. The government is prying into our most personal information at the most local levels, all for the purpose of racial and economic justice.
Man robs 2 sisters at lemonade stand after they gave him free drink
Actress in viral catcall video sues man who made her famous
Teen made rape victim swear on Bible she wouldnt call cops
TIL: After 1993 the Army imposed regulations forbidding military personnel from carrying their personal firearms and making it almost impossible for commanders to issue firearms to soldiers in the U.S. for personal protection.
If you make a poster that I disagree with and consider rude, because what is rude is subjective, do I have the right to assault you and destroy your property. Funny how left-wing extremists such as yourself only support free speech when it is something that you agree with but not for others with whom you disagree with.
Patricks Westport Grill apologizes for receipt: FOX 2 received a photo from viewers angry about a receipt from Patricks Westport Grill where the customers are referred to as Black Couple. Management goes on to explain that the employee has been terminated.
TIL: Despite making up roughly 1 in 12 Americans, blacks accounted for half of all homicides.
The author discusses the overreach of the administration's powers to force a certain outcome by abusing the "disparate impact" concept.
East Baltimore anti-violence group work suspended after guns, drugs found in raid
Ruling in Twitter harassment trial could have enormous fallout for free speech
Ah, that government efficiency at work. What a terrible return on investment that was. Don't worry, there are plenty of suckers who will try to downplay this wasted money and beg for you to take even more from them like good little sadists.
There is no such thing as free, someone else is paying for it.
Let's not forget Gawker, Jezebel, MSNBC, and Salon, quite possibly the most biased news sites on the internet. http://i.imgur.com/S0j2kCD.jpg
I keep getting told by the left that all these terrorist Muslims are being oppressed and come from poor uneducated backgrounds, that this is reason why they commit acts of terror. Also I keep getting told that the Quran is the most progressive religious text out there despite numerous violent, sexists, and homophobic verses. So much for that theory, I guess reality doesn't quite have the liberal bias that idiotic SJWs keep shouting about.
Court Ruling Highlights Flaws In College Sexual Assault Proceedings: Male student at UC San Diego who was accused of sexual assault and suspended after a campus investigation filed a countersuit  and won. Heres a look at if and how this could affect college rape trials across the country.
Casablanca mosque stampede blamed on mouse: A mouse is responsible for triggering a stampede in a mosque in the Moroccan city of Casablanca which left more than 80 people injured, officials say.
Rachel Dolezal meets Bill Cosby
Three Christians in Egypt Arrested for Allegedly Showing Contempt for Islam
Rapper "Young Thug" involved in conspiracy to kill Lil Wayne: Rapper Young Thug was arrested Wednesday morning by U.S. Marshals executing an outstanding warrant issued by Dunwoody police.
No.
MARTA Police said a man they were looking for in connection with a rape at the Indian Creek MARTA station on June 14 surrendered Tuesday evening. Marquis Lamonte Butts, 21, turned himself at the DeKalb Police Department Tuesday evening.
Bill Cosby's Favorite Pokemon
It would be even slower, what you have is the purgatory model. 56k modems are for heck, 28k modems are for hell.
Served along with a bag of generic Doritos that is 99% air and 1% potato chip.
Then my brother's alcoholic girlfriend drank it one night. Doesn't even remember it, just wanted more stuff to get her drunk. I will never forgive her.   nbsp;  When someone is stealing other people's booze to get drunk that means that there is a very serious problem. Is she and your brother still together or did he move on?
Ray Romano kept reminding me of Kermit the Frog.