When we talk about improvisation..
[Photo credit: Jason Edwards](http://www.jasonedwardsphotography.com/)
[It doesn't end there..](http://i.imgur.com/nwMYvzi.png)
The Greens Call For Drug Use To Be Decriminalised In Australia
Email spam reaches all-time low after 12 years, as cybercriminals try more effective methods
TIL An urban legend exists surrounding Andr's 1987 surgery in which his size made it impossible for the anesthesiologist to estimate a dosage via standard methods; consequently, his alcohol tolerance was used as a guideline instead.
TIL A new study published in the Journal of Medical Internet Research has claimed that a phone may be able to tell or predict depression in humans better than self-assessment.
Microsoft cuts the price of its Band by $20 in the US, 10 in the UK
'Vacation' Writers Pen 'Spider-Man' Movie Script   That Might Predict A Superhero Genre That Doesn't Take Itself Seriously
Exactly! Jodie was the same age as her character, the 12 year old prostitute Iris. Hence she couldn't participate in the explicit scenes. Her older sister Connie, 19 at the time, was available and agreed to be Jodies body double.
Marvel Has Recreated Classic Rap Album Covers With Its Characters
Ana Cheri
These Crystal-Clear Pluto Photos Show Off Pluto's Transformation From Not Even A Planet To Serious Intergalactic Celebrity
Batman being Batman
An obese couple shed the pounds together and lose weight
Microsoft: 440 Google companies came back to Office from Google apps
Danny Trejo taking his puppy for a walk
Chinese website selling Xbox One cases; will we see fake consoles on eBay soon?
PHOTO: NASA releases image of Voyager 1 spacecraft traveling 11.5 billion miles from Earth
Colorado lawmakers ousted in recall election over strict gun laws
25 extremely bizarre court cases that actually happened
Samsung shows off massive 98-inch Ultra HD TV, teases Ultra HD OLED TV
Times have changed
TIL On his famous 1492 voyage, Columbus had promised a reward of gold to whoever saw land first. A sailor named Rodrigo de Triana was the first to see land on October 12, 1492: a small island in the present-day Bahamas Columbus named San Salvador. Poor Rodrigo never got the reward however
UFC Fight Night 27 co-headliner Donald Cerrone: 'The fight is against me'
'Ultimate Fighter' Season 18 cast revealed, including LaRosa, Baszler, Modafferi
Healthy pets could lead to healthier pet owners
Dalek Lego robot
Microsoft reveals its Xbox One plans for San Diego Comic-Con 2013
2014 Holman  amp; Moody 50th Anniversary TdF Ford Mustang Quick Spin
50 Amazing Foreign Movie Rip-offs
MANIAC: Blood and Gore - Behind the Scenes (NSFW) (SPOILERS)