Cook them in a nice, aromatic stock in advance. Then marinate on your BBQ sauce overnight
I was lusting for fish tacos but I didnt have small tortillas so I decided to make a burrito instead. Very easy and quick recipe, Ill post the steps/ingredients if theres interest.
Rushing or dragging?
[Fret not OP! If Walt Jr can get some sweet poontang, so can you! ](http://i.imgur.com/FjrtQsR.jpg)
Man, I love the Lion city but everything except hawkers is absurdly expensive
Neat! Are those pictures your? They are cool
I feel you bro
http://media3.giphy.com/media/ppmjJyjpZG53i/giphy.gif
What's a matre'd by the way?
I think I can spot Leo DiCaprio in there
I can't even... Just can't...
Unfuckingfortunately yes, it is   Edit : Downvote me all you want, I just don't see him in the role of Deadshot. His persona is just too well established and to me it's not a good fit for a movie like this.
Relevant username
Translation for the uninitiated : Time to do what /r/watches have failed to
I'm missing both the racist and sexist parts of that (pretty poor) joke.
We don't smoke milk...!? :O
Do you honestly believe that she stepped down because she wasn't competent enough?
That's what it takes man, no secrets
Eli Reed hippy jumps a picnic table...the long way
Takes one to know one
Fuck pebbles, they are the devil's invention
I skated when I was a kid and then moved on to other sports. Got back on the board around 28. It's never too late man!
Ben Raybourns In Transition part. This kid is f*cking fearless
Digging the Welcome tee!
(X-post) The Dillinger Escape Plan releases "gayest t-shirt ever" as a big middle finger to their homophobic fans.
And you are absolutely right, corrected!
Haha that was awesome!
Hell yeah!
A T-800 traveling in a phone booth is on its way to Robert Zemecki's house...
Man, that cat has seen some shit. Looks like a brooding war veteran
The job is a bit too much for my taste but it's all good as long as you had fun with it man! What Welcome shape is that, thinking about getting one myself
[I don't think your dog cares](http://s21.postimg.org/rfzh35m1z/1_1.jpg)  Edit: Open a new account, make a quick paint of a stoned dawg, get gilded.  Thanks for the generosity friendly neighbour!