The Morgue     Today I stare at these walls. They're white and awfully clean; I think the intention behind white walls is a feeling of purity and innocence. Sometimes I think they're meant to be a canvas in which we can paint our lives once we move beyond the walls. Isn't it nice? I see Katie playing around our old oak tree in the backyard near our garden. How I wish we had an oak tree and a Katie. Oh wait, that must be her, we must let her in.   Did you know that white walls can also represent white sheets, but they replace them with walls. Everyone assumes the body inside is dead. But we're stars, can't you see? Our light just hasn't reached you yet. Don't cover me in white. Please dear, let me breathe. Katie, we can play grown-ups together? Wouldn't you enjoy that?  I have an awful headache. Katie, will you bring me some wine? I think I'm getting much too excited.   Katie is my daughter. She likes to take me to her room, so we can play grown-ups. I pretend to be the husband, and she pretends to be the wife. I tell her that these walls act as the boundary that separates us from reality. She likes to say our games are a dream.   Today Katie insisted that I take the role as a prisoner. She likes to speak three numbers on the phone, so big men can bring me away. She loves to play games.  Everyday we play prisoner now. I wish I would see her more often, but she's so devoted to the game. I wish she would bring me some wine.   We used to play doctor. Katie would bring me wine and then she would lie on the bed and we'd play. I was always the doctor, and she was the patient. It was our dream. Sometime the game was awfully serious though, and I'd have to clean up her bruises. I wish we could just play like old times. She never used to scream either. I miss her laughter.   These walls are changing. They've moved much closer and the lighting is even brighter. I miss the world beyond these walls. If it wasn't so hard to breathe playing with Katie, I don't think the walls would have covered her. I miss playing.   Don't scream dear. Let me play. Let me play.  Now I think these walls are just a projection.   She thinks I have an affliction, but she refuses to play doctor.   I think I need her help.   I wish I had a Katie.   It seems as if I'm always playing with these walls: these white sheets. People like to say they cover dead things, but they just refuse to see the life, the beauty.   We must let her in. Come and play.   I no longer leave these walls; I just wait for you to come in.   I will adjust to my affliction; I promise you dear, and so will you; it's just a matter of time.   Then we'll play.
II, by Weedpecker
well done.
Photos soon of Pluto flyby, another milestone in spaceflight history
I just watched the film, and then watched The Downfall shortly after. I recommend both. The Triumph of the Will makes you feel as if everyone in Germany was just a single-cell apart of this massive growing organism.
Hillary Clinton Rolls Out Her Economic Platform
Maybe a paradigm shift will settle our greed and wickedness, and I suppose I'm just a critic of human nature but perhaps my question is more applicable to (or makes more sense when discussing) anarchism-- if you're up for the discussion. Suppose there is no paradigm shift for man and we become entirely stateless, no hierarchy, no laws, nada, etcetera, and we desire happiness. What do you think would happen next? We can't overthrow a dictator and catalyze a revolution. What happens next if the government isn't the source of our unhappiness. Perhaps this makes more sense.
Djokovic wins Wimbledon title
Good point on the whole longevity of emotions. Have you ever seen the movie memento? It's like our short term memory is continually erasing our emotions, not they actually are very real to begin with: just products of our imagination and some hormones. Of course this is biological: I mean no one wants to have to continually feel pain, but why do you think it is so common for people to feel negative emotions for a longer period of time? Additionally, for those who can find happiness: I think a great philosophy to live by is to be happy. So I think it's fine to have a cascade of temporary happiness, but what about happiness for a society. Do you believe it holds the same philosophy?
This is terrifying
Sad Satan - Deep Web Horror Game
Someone watches Dexter
favorite track: Goatwhore
Dirty Kid Discount - A Life Amongst the Ruins
The last page really got me. Then I reread them all, and then they all really got me.
Of course. I meant 'drugs' intended for recreational use (a particular interest in shrooms and bupe I guess) and perhaps many and most can be addictive and toxic, but it's inevitable if you chose to use them. I understand the possibility of a natural high, but I have some sort of desire for engaging in a drug induced mind altering trip and then take part in some creative activity. I really want to see the limits in which I can expand my mind. Perhaps a lot of this is ignorant and cliche, but I believe there is some truth to it.
Well the formation of a galaxy doesn't necessarily have to occur at the same time as hydrogen and helium combustion. I guess is there any science out there saying a galaxy is isolated among other galaxies because it's attracted to the central mass of that black hole?
Johnny Cash - Hurt HD [Rock]
thus the whole flaw of irrationality
Evolution of Emotions?
The world or man?
It's Right About Time for a Massive Solar Storm To Hit Earth
Stephen Hawking: Computers will take over humans in 100 years
Hillary's logo: Is it "right"?
How to screw the world over with organic kitty litter
A parallel with the invention of cameras. What a coincidence.
Dax Riggs- Evil friend. A new favorite.
My policy teacher asked me this question today: What is the answer to climate change?   Reddit, I'm curious? What do you think the answer to climate change. You don't need to know how to get there, but what is your answer? No need to be practical.
Thanks, this is really great. Wingnut is sick.
Oh Susquehanna is sweet. My top is Backpack by Andrew Jackson Jihad. Very popular but brilliant.
Saudi warning on Iran nuclear deal
Your Brain on LSD