Which Saw movie is the most entertaining?   Besides the first one, I've seen that one a few times.
Storm of the Century
Lord of the Rings
What does that mean?
Big movies and music are now being regulated by the government to push for transparency, obedience, conformity, honesty, and science rather than entertainment or myth. No more Lady Gaga extravaganza.  Science fiction movies are now rooted in reality (tomorrowland, Jurassic world) because science fiction isn't something that's real, and they want to get away from not real, superpowers, myth, fantasy. And make things more science, Big Hero Six, The Martian.    Celebrities are suddenly becoming political to make the world think politically correct about issues.   Movies and music are getting away from the extraordinary and focusing on small things, the ordinary.
Titanic is my favorite movie.
Warcraft
It got a little too real for me at the end when they started talking about all these real world problems. It took me out of the movie and made me think about how shitty the world can be.   It also didn't take place in Tomorrowland. We saw Tomorrowland for maybe 5 minutes and the rest the film was elsewhere. I was kindof looking for an escape and that certainly wasn't it.
Only a few days away from Jurassic World.   I'm looking forward to reading some reviews tomorrow about it. I keep watching the trailers and TV spots. I'm just looking forward to the movie and seeing whether it's good or mediocre, I don't see it as being a horrible flop. What are people thinking about it now since it's only a couple days away? For those opposing it, if the reviews are good, would that change your mind about seeing it? For those excited about it, are you seeing it Thursday or over the weekend?
Are any of these 2000s movies good?   Reign of Fire (2002), Below (2002), Knowing (2009), Identity (2003), Don't Say A Word (2001)
Titanic
The Killers
Stream torrents in browser?
Nooooo
The village
Did It Follows freak the fuck out of anyone else?   Just wondering.
Peter Jackson and James Cameron
Lets all support a post in an attempt to gain more subscribers.   Why doesn't someone create a post talking about this subreddit detailing what we're planning to do. Then have the subscribers support the post by liking it/commenting it to get an ad out about the subreddit. Just an idea.
Disturbia
Can anyone find the full song of Lana Del Rey's "Life is Beautiful"?   It's from The Age of Adaline, I can only find snippets of it.
No
Thank you for reading, seriously.
Of Monsters and Men
Chris Evans
What movie should I watch tonight?
Do you ever think to yourself, "I need to control my thoughts"?   Just wondering.
My names Ryan and I'm gay so Ryan!
I just mean someone who is polite to you in a conversation, someone who is normally pretty nice in general. Is that person considered to be fake. I've just heard politeness can be seen as fake but I don't think so.
Ashy space dust
I want to be a great filmmaker, so we'll see ~
Personal, small (or large) things that happen to you in your life. Someone you run into after not seeing them for years at the right time and right place. Finding the exact perfect dress out of a million others in the store. The music moving with the birds flying over your car at the exact perfect moment in the song. Idk things. Unexplainable things. But I have no clue why bad things happen to good people, gods obviously not taking care of that stuff.
I don't know. Michael Bay films are usually totally entertaining and fun to watch just like the Fast movies. I think people just like to make fun of Michael Bay because he's made a trademark of blowing shit up and being huge.