Be more dog - Korin the cat sits for bacon
awesome film!
Would you wash your hands after you're done though? That's the real man question.
And she's better than me at poker......
Can confirm OP is a girl, she's my wife.....
Woman, you're clumsy.
Harry Potter/Blackadder - Crazy Hagrid Mash Up
Yeah this video didn't capture it very well but local reports from people suggested it did touch down ever so slightly out of sight from where i was.
Just a short video of a tornado in Port Talbot - Wales, Nothing spectacular but the only video of a tornado in this area i've ever seen. No amount of web searching came up with anything else!
When I saw him he was very jittery and seemed very stressed out and was on the phone to his publicist talking about a flight from Manchester airport the next day, wasn't till later on the next week I found out he was going to the jungle and why he seemed so worried haha.
My squeaky willy
no probs velixie, love it
Dance Across Red Dwarf - Compilation Video
Yeah in the uk its been all over the papers about underage teens sending snapchat nudes to eachother and people taking screen shots and showing them around school. Both boys and girls have been arrested for distributing child porn. Well done government.
Charity begins at home, didn't your parents tell you this!
Yeah I will definitely look into it in the new year :)
I have no idea what that is to be totally honest with you, quick google and now I do know, that really does sound like a good idea, thanks for the info!
Most old installations have what we call rewireable fuses that have a significantly higher trip time and ampage capacity. So therefore a large amount of current can be flowing for a lot longer before the blow. They don't exactly blow but the wire just melts and this is why we don't use them any more. The new standards in the current 17th edition wiring regs clearly state that those kind of fuses can no longer be used in rewires or new builds. Edit: this post was to indicate I wasn't talking about Cartridge fuses which are of course still legal but never used in a domestic distro board.
The uk has one of the highest Standards of electrical safety in the world. As below says I'll take my electric with a double safety standard any day. No earth to protect your appliances and yourself is the crazy thing. If you want a horror story try looking over at /r/electricians some of the stuff people post from the third world countries are scary as shit.
Thanks for your reply mate. Yeah I understand these problems are a crux for local electrcians to deal with. Specially with how the housing market is at the moment. I have offered my services for free as well as well under a labourers daily fee and still no luck. My situation is kind of unique as well I'm not qualifying to become an electrician so to speak but to be qualified to do set lighting for the film industry which requires you to be a qualified spark. Just kind of frustrating is all!
I think I can simplify a lot of these answers. A wise friend once told me when I questioned him on his feelings of death and what he felt about dying. He simply said "Can you remember before being born and do you ever care about that? Death can be seen as the same" Made me feel better at the time and truth be told, surprisingly, I don't worry so much as before just hearing that one sentence.
Been married 2 years but thanks anyway :D
Hos before bros dude. Tap it and forget it.
That is hilarious dude. I've seen that movie twas pretty bad, but if she's who I think she is she wasn't so bad. Glad you got away with it all. What did they expect from you!
Tl;dr socially inept alcoholic drinks and drives, and doesn't kill anyone ..... kudos.
Ah makes perfect sense then cause that shit was nigh on perfect!
Obvious mistake, is obvious....
Not sure on this but I think like 99% of deaf people learn to lip read pretty damn well. Sounds like she was trolling you. Unless she was looking away from you through the entire situation which you said she wasn't. To be honest a badge reading I'm deaf does not prepare you for how to deal with the situation and that persons employers should be taking more steps to avoid this kind of thing. Totally not your fault. Although a little less laughing could have been avoided perhaps..... p.s. I'm from wales too woop.
I wouldn't say those stats are fantastic but the winrate is suggesting to me you got lucky.
Quality assurance tester.
I'm sure that isn't supposed to be possible, in ranked at least, in normals I'm not sure.
A lot of people say to go WE if you are behind when you start ganking and BOTRK if you are ahead. Personally I always start WE then finish FF I usually have enough gold by the time I stack it up to have both. Two tank items depending on team comp and who's fed. Then BOTRK but alas I am a lowly silver player so I'm probably doing it all wrong!   I do agree BOTRK is a stronger item but is a lot more expensive and by hitting the power spike of FF and WE by the 17 minute mark or so I think it helps out a lot more for the early to mid game.   Correct me anyone if you think I'm wrong would like to know if what I'm doing is correct.