the guy worships snakes   is a perv... screw what he thinks. he's a huge asshole.   he made some great comics, true... but, he's not bulletproof with his opinion...there's plenty of great comic writers who can back up how much of a crazy fuck jerk Alan Moore is   shouldn't be worshipped...
My fake ID name was Shep Boiardi
step 1) pay people the proper wages  step 2) then maybe we'll work more hours
they could create a virtual lobby system these games on a dedicate server, right?   not only is it annoying, it's usually the main reason I quit playing.   If you got a crew of non-quiters   people who's warm playing alongside you, it's actually the experience we're begging for
both of those pics are from Foo Fighters...
[Perfect example ](http://www.nerdacy.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/1x05_Charity_Drive_10.png)
800 4my XBOX  http://support.xbox.com/en-US/ [show]  @XboxSupport
ALL SPOILERS: applies to ALL things Game of Thrones (BOOKS   TV)   I even put a disclaimer in brackets as an opening before you read anything else saying it was strictly applying to the TV show. Anyone who proceeded should be caught up enough to not be timid about a post.   EDIT: TIL if you are afraid of getting any spoilers, don't click any links that say "ALL SPOILERS" because it has spoilers   lots of them.
w/ software updates (via XB1) it's better than it was at launch (be sure to update controller when it's plugged in)  I bought one a month ago through MSFT store for $47.   It's comfortable. In fact, very comfortable (I use it for more than XB1 now). I have it on for hours   never bugs me (rare for a headset)  Sounds great (no surround; only stereo). It's Polk, they make some of THE best speakers around.   Yes, the built in mic isn't as great as others... So, register it @ Polk's site w/ the yellow paper that's packed.   Then look at their support page. Find the email they post to like EVERY complaint about mic sound. Email them w/ address, Serial Number, phone # etc...  I did it, got a new (free) mic in 2 days shipped (free).   Some say their 4 shot now comes w/ headset adapter, mine didn't. I actually like the adapter, has a great mic   awesome cord to connect to controller (the material is soft   doesnt' seem to get in the way).  It's a great headset. Especially at that price, it's THE best XB1 wired headset I've used. You can spend $250+ on a wireless Turtle Beach w/ surround, but that's up to you. Enjoy.
Parents you have been warned. Please consider the life long implications of what names you give your children. There is an impending Y2K-like time bomb waiting to explode in the healthcare system because of all these "cute" names parents are coming up with these days. Giving your kids three middle names, double hyphenated last names, siblings with phonetically similar names, or naming twins almost the exact same thing WILL result in errors in their medical records. Oh, and quit using symbols, apostrophes, and other non alpha characters. They don't play well with today's electronic health records.  it's a shame, but good luck getting jobs. Your kids wont' get good jobs with names employers can't pronounce. They won't even make it into an interview.
I bought one, love it. Sounds / Feels great  Register it on Polk's site   go to their support page for the free additional mic adapter... doesn't come with it. they shipped it w/in 5 days.
Ecocapsule
Ole Miss projected to possibly have 4 1st round draft picks in NFL draft next year...
For H5, Please let us mount a turret on the side passenger door...
Scientologists like money
My only question is:  Will it be available to existing DISH network subscribers?   (looked everywhere for an answer...no confirmation)
was one of THE most impressive demonstrations I've ever watched,   yet barely got any coverage...   Holograms y'all
Postmates: company tells their drivers not to tip on food orders   I work at a restaurant in Austin, TX. I have at least 5 togo orders / day from Postmates (a delivery service which operates in multiple cities).   Over the past year, we have never gotten a tip from any of their drivers. I have spoken with other food service employees from other restaurants who gripe about how they never tip   come in multiple times per day.   I have several years experience in food service. It's common for their drivers to brag about how much money they make (decent amount)   inquire how I should apply to work for Postmates.   Today, a driver opened up   said "I'd like to tip you but I can't... I finally found out why they don't tip:  * Postmates instructs them not to tip...ever.   This company who makes money from the food service industry in multiple cities explicitly instructs their drivers to never tip using company credit cards...  (BTW: If you are a driver, you can tip cash... I know it's togo, but at least a dollar. Most everyone in this industry tips, even on togo)
Also: something we found out last night: have someone go up on the highest platform across from where you enter   die. The swarm of wizards will stay up there   attack the dead body (allowing the other 2 members a chance to focus on Phogoth)
nobody ever feigned outrage over Bush W. it was genuine. there wasn't speculation, it was grounded in facts. nobody imagined that he was born in a far away land (although he actually wasn't from Texas). fear-mongering is all about 'what ifs'. the GOP is all about imagining what they are up against.   the democrats are for policy where as GOP is for philosophy http://www.vox.com/2014/9/15/6131919/democrats-and-republicans-really-are-different  one party is attracted to tangible results   the other is attracted to something in their gut. what is it with the GOP   them not believing in science, facts, or anything laid out in front of them in favor of made up hypothesis or religion?   they're not focused on helping the people the people who elected them so much as they are on getting their way (  staying in power). they'd rather monkeywrench DC for 2 Obama terms than do a job. come 2016, they're hoping voters blame Obama for their lack of attention. they'll do anything to win an election EXCEPT have a proven track record   run an honest campaign...all at the expense of the public.
Austin TX homeless project
Floating Cabin Maine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymltNm4p2VY
When the fraternal order of police first introduced tasers   pepper spray, they were proposed as non-lethal substitutes for guns  They could only be used to dissolve situations where guns are appropriate   you think the 'don't tase me bro' guy could've been shot for hogging a podium? you think protesters deserve to be shot in the face?
increase your price, decrease your initial selection, profit.   Source: been a member since launch. they used to have partnerships with a lot more studios. I keep paying for netflix, but I rarely watch. Waaay less movies than they initially had, documentaries are about the only thing noticeably new. The 'new release' section rarely updates...
the toll roads are almost always empty. it's a luxery tax that most choose not to pay (ATX is expensive enough).   they should release the numbers of how much it cost of TxTag VS it's income. It's cheaper than last gen toll roads, but still costs a good bit with the cameras, the databases, etc...   there's over a hundred people moving here a day, the roads are packed, surely there's other taxes we can use to pay for these (toll) roads which are everywhere yet not being used...
Centro-Matic  Can't believe more people don't know this band. Boggles me they aren't at least 'known' by the general public. I bartend   put on their albums   everyone agrees it's good yet no one has ever heard of them.   Other band like that: Marah, Jason Molina, Blue Mountain, Grifters...
compared with other Halo releases, Halo had the lowest amount of maps available at launch. DLC maps would help remedy that.   If they want to stimulate people into buying Halo 5   it's DLC (  Anniversary edition if true), this'd be a good way. If they'd make them free, it'd definitely be goodwill.   I know a lot of people who never played Halo 4 after the Title Update. This would be great to bring some of them back.
Chief is gonna work with Dr Halsey cause she's the only one that can save Cortana. Plus, she's onto something bigger than the UNSC...I've said too much.
Right you are Ken
MSFT is phasing out Media Center. If you notice, the latest 360 versions   Win 8 WMC have less features than before. on the 360, you can't find it in recent items   can't pin it...  MSFT is pushing their Video/Music store product. Also, with their partnerships with studios, they have to show they are trying to combat piracy.   MSFT will get creamed by SONY partially b/c of this. there's no way to pull media files on the XB1 from network/PC. they want you to go through their apps first.
why is she not Wonder Woman?