Could be mate, but I'm not really one to be diagnosing that for you.  You going through anything in life at the moment that could be causing it?  I was going to add that in there, but I didn't really think people felt that way just because I do. I've had a rough 2 years and get that same feeling, bud.   You're not alone.
You were one of the good ones Hank.  But your son's an Ass.
With every user complaining about battery life of phones, you think they'd concentrate on that before screens.   There is only really so much the human eye can pick up on, and how much media are you really going to consume off a ~5 inch device.
Don't wanna be 'that' guy, my Moto 360 let's me read the full email and then delete it as well.  I can see why you'd be pissed.  For me, the smartwatch wasnt meant to be so much of a companion device, but a device that meant I didn't have to pull my phone out.  Having a Nexus 6, and device that means I don't need to fumble around with this gigantic device is a winner.
I'm 31, watched it since ep1 and haven't stopped since.  Remember, there is more to the world than just the U.S..   We down under folk don't mind it either.
I wouldn't call what you guys speak over there as being 'English'  Then again, Australians bastardised the language as well, but we keep as close as we can to it!
Huge props and thanks to the people / person that put this together.  He is one of the best characters on tv, animated or not.
Nope, can confirm first hand that Google Now is the champ.   Cortana is ok, but Google Now is vastly more polished.   With Android M, I'm hoping that Google Now can do more and more
That boy ain't right
ahuh, cool..   Make sure you put a nice stain on it, will look good when all done
Yeah me too.. I'm in. Happy to raise some awareness of vaping.  And no, I'm not a hipster that 'chucks clouds', I vape cause I hated smoking.
Yup, I've been through the ranks where you kick off with an evod, then you get your regulated Vamo, then you chase power and clouds which gets you on RBA's / RDA's and a mech mod, I'm now at the final stage of settling with an istick and a cloupor.. That's it for me.  I don't need or want a 5909w unit to fire a stupid quad coil, Jean zipper, rip tripper build.  Kayfun, single coil micro, .8 ohm on a regulated LITTLE unit is all I need.
Keep in mind, 99% of people will jump online and bitch and moan about how bad their device is, no one goes onto forums to start a new post of "I bought a Nexus 9 and it works fine"  A lot of us haven't had any issues at all, knock on wood, mine has been brilliant and stable since day one, and I was an early adopter.
Thanks mate :)
From reading the sob story, the first thing I thought of was "maybe there is something wrong with this guy"..  Yup.   He sounds like all the people out of /r/justneckbeardthings. (The memes, not the members)
A lot of your life is already mapped out for you buddy, that's what I believe.  What you can do is guide yourself through it the way you want to travel it.  Example, you have a passion for cars? You can become a mechanic and be paid miserably and be dirty, or you can be an engineer.. Get paid highly and be clean.. Either way, you're following your passion.
Here you go   Extreme Cheapskates S03E03: http://youtu.be/ho0D7pGJRg4
She was bald Jerry, BALD!!
Any episode with Dale is a great episode.  One of my favourite Dale quotes about Bill when Dale took all of his money "Bill would've just spent it all on something stupid, like himself"
Its not very often that something actually makes me 'lol' .. Your comment is today's winner
My Nan Nan?!
I have a N5 and a 2012 N7,  I pulled the trigger and pre-ordered a 32gb N9 the day it was open for pre-order.  I buy every Nexus, including the dreaded heap of shit Galaxy Nexus.  The Nexus 6 will be the exception, I don't mind the price as you're paying for what you're getting, but 6 inches is just too stupidly big.  Project Volta better sort out my Nexus 5 battery life, or I'll be updating to the 2014 Moto X instead.  Just when Google finally release the dream Nexus phone, with all the hardware and build quality we have been waiting for, they fuck it right up by making it the biggest phone on the market.  Where's my Nokia 8210, I'm going back to the days when my battery lasted 3 days and the phone fit in my pocket.
You need to remember, cigarettes tasted ok when we smoked, but you never had 4 in a row, you could see when you ran out and were left with just the butt.  When vaping, we are inhaling all types of flavours that taste awesome (most of the time) and if you really wanted to, the only stop would be you running out of juice in the tank or battery.  You definitely had too much nic and that's the feeling you get.  If you're a chain vaper and are on it quite a fair bit, maybe drop the nic to 8mg ..
Ha! Spacedicks is my go-to subreddit for when people ask me to show them what Reddit is.  Its the 2 girls 1 cup of Reddit.  The rest will remain Blue.  Ok I lie.. I just clicked on clop clop to see what it was.. Sad world we live in.
Lol not attached to fonts colours etc.. And all my bottles are the standard 30ml size.  The ONLY thing that can be changed is maybe dropping the penis and balls off Nut Butter.. I love the joke being subtle :)  The grape isn't quite ready yet, but my Banana custard is and so is my Strawberries and cream.  Your concoction sounds bliss!  I have a bit of a sweet tooth, so be warned.. All my mixes are 70vg 30pg at this stage :)
I don't think you people understand that I will now make this a reality.  426 upvotes, to me means 426 possible customers with a sense of humour.  Thanks to User u/GhotiOuttaDHMO - I will make 'Statutory Grape' a my first flavour and send out the samples as a free give-away,
The troll seems legit..  From the post history, I can make out that she's a fat black woman that was more than likely backhanded a few times.
No lie, everyone has their own beholder.   You may not be attractive to one person but you may be very attractive to another.   So, I_have_so_many_names - you're a beautiful person too.
Its a shame that the show was cancelled.   I used to watch it here and there as a kid, but never really appreciated it.   I recently 'backed up' all of the season and watched it from season 1-13, and it is brilliant.   The show didn't dumb down like the Simpsons did, and managed to stay true to their story line.  Dale Gribble.. I wish there were more episodes devoted to him.
I honestly dont get it.   I have a son and am no longer with my wife, when I see my son and am with him, everything else in the world is non existent, its just him.  When I'm not with him all I think about is him and hoping he's smiling and playing.   There is no chance on this earth that I would ever chose anyone over him or his love.   All I hope and wish for is that one day he says 'I want to live with dad'.. My life would be complete.
Not sure if you're being sarcastic or honest..   If this was Australia and they decked out in all Australian flag gear, the only the thing they won't be getting is laid.  I admire the American patriotism.
Mate you've gone that far, the Nautilus will let you down on what is an awesome setup.  Bite the bullet and get the Kayfun lite clone they have and get coiling.  You will then have my exact setup and you'll never look back.  I'll come off as the most negative person for stating this about 30 times in this subreddit, the Nautilus is RUBBISH.