What Ive Learned About Government, Big Banks And Consumerism | "The moment you step outside the way people are supposed to work in the U.S.  either because that model doesnt work for you or because youve lost a traditional job  you get cut off from the countrys support systems."
Rioting Elites and a Nation Built on the Rule of Lawlessness | Contrary to what Barack Obama says about the U.S. being built on the rule of law, the country routinely resorts to official violence and illegality.
Yesterday I thought the OP and many commenters had said everything that needed to be said, but then my half-asleep musings in the night brought up some more.  He needs to know how important humor is, both in relationships generally and in sex specifically.  In both cases there will be little awkward moments and laughing is the best way to get trhough them.  Talking openly is really key to both relationships and sex.  Being able to say "I've never done this before' or 'I'm pretty nervous, let's slow down and talk for a while' will stand him in good stead.  Also 'I really like it when you move that way' and 'Would this be even better if I were a little slower?'  Without getting too technical and jargony, an acquaintance with the stages of arousal,  la Masters and Johnson, would be useful.  He needs to know that women are for the most part more varied in their sexual response than men.  Many don't orgasm from PIV sex alone and it's unlikely with a girl during her first time.  In fact, he would do well to see that she orgasms first and waits to enter until she invites him in.  Frank talk would help here, telling her that that's what he wants, that they have plenty of time, that they can wait for another time.  You could watch some movies with him with those scenes of ripping off clothes, falling into bed and having stupendous simultaneous orgasms, and let him know how unrealistic they are.    You're doing a great job and I hope his first time is wonderful for them both.
How to Save the Life of the Next Michael Brown | "Any form of oppression is ultimately about power - who has it and who doesnt - and becoming aware of which side of that equation were on is hard. It often causes defensiveness. But we can see defensiveness instead as a call to listen more deeply."
And 'Rithmetic | "Because everyone knows that the subject matter itself isn't that hard. What's hard, virtually impossible, is beating it into the heads of youngsters who hate every step. Give me a kid who wants to learn the stuff -- well, twenty hours or so makes sense."
We Don't Need No Education | At least not the traditional, compulsory, watch-the-clock-until-the-bell-rings kind. As a growing movement of unschoolers believe, a steady diet of standardized testing and indoor inactivity is choking the creativity right out of our kids. The alternative: set 'em free.
Saddhu in Goa 1975 [1443x970] [OC]
Corporate Oligarchy or Peoples Democracy: Countering the Elite Agenda | The call that many liberals are making to overturn the Citizens United and McCutcheon rulings and overhaul campaign financing are misguided. The issue is not campaign finance reform, but democracy.
That didn't come out at all the way I meant and I'm really sorry about that.  I took your post and split it into 8 paragraphs, as I should have done first, and read it carefully.  What a moving account!  And the way you arranged your give-away at your wedding was brilliant and a gift to both men, yourself and all the guests.  And no way was your post too long.  Thank you for every word.
The Road from Here: What About Medicare and Social Security? | Social Security was not projected to run a deficit until 1, an enormous amount of our income moved above the current payroll tax; and 2, the financial crisis left 22 million un- or under-employed, depriving it of even more revenue.
The Perfect Epitaph for Establishment Journalism | If the government tells me I shouldn't publish something, who I am as a journalist to disobey? Put that on the tombstone of western establishment journalism. It perfectly encapsulates the death spiral of large journalistic outlets.
Controlled by Guns | "a category error, the same mistake the DeCSS advocates made when they believed that by revealing that the DMCAs slicing between code and speech was absurd that it would make the law go away, as if the legal system was a rampant AI you could shut down by shouting a paradox."
Deficits Were On Purpose To Cause This Crisis | Bush said it was incredibly positive news when we went back into deficit spending because it continued the plan to use debt to force the government to cut back. Now we are seeing how things work out when the 1% dominate everything.
First post I've seen where I upvoted most of the comments.  The extent of the sexism is not only dismaying/enraging but as old as I am it's really weird and not really understandable.  And I don't even see any jailbait, creepshots, or gonewild.  TwoX is mostly respectful and thoughtful.  And I'm sometimes blown away by the quality of bestof posts and comments in cogsci, science2, foodforthought and others so I keep coming back.
Take Flight, My Boy | If you can stand it, Veronique Pozner's eulogy for her six-year-old son Noah at one of the first two funerals held for the Newtown victims.
PROH-sehs-seez is the plural of PROH-sehs-sihs.  What sounds to me like a misuse grates on my ear.   What are the origins of the misuse of the -eez plurals other than pretension?  Once they become widespread people simply copy them, but what gets them started?    The reason I blame pretension is probably because I first heard these -eez plurals thrown around when I started college.  Plurals of thesis, basis and the like were in frequent use and it seemed many students were consciously trying to get them right.   And maybe the reason some words are immune, such as recess, is that there's no status gain to be had.  Or have you ever heard ree-sehs-eez?
The Lost Art of Thinking Before You Act | The long work hours and obsession with growth that are the hallmarks of 20th-century capitalism have nothing to do with personal happiness. There are easier ways to satiate a taste for the finer things in life than by building a company from the ground up.
Lies, Damn Lies and LIBOR | We need to rethink as a society what banks are for, what exchanges are for, and what clearing houses are for. If they are for the profit of the few at the expense of the many now, that is because it is the business model we have permitted.
I made the original post and took the headline directly from the article. You might try to RTFA.
Why the Economy Has Only Recovered for the One Percent | Absent a revitalized upsurge from labor and its allies like the Occupy movement that places inequality at the center of the presidential campaign in 2012, we can expect even further acceleration of wage-slashing from corporate America.
From the article:  If we think of the tax code as a set of incentives, rather than simply a mechanism to redistribute income, there are creative and effective ways to moderate the extremes of wealth, boost the pay of ordinary workers, make American companies more stable and efficient, and reduce the long-term federal budget deficit.  An astonishing contributor to inequality, then, is corporate bosses taking a larger share of the companys revenue for themselves.  Because current CEO pay numbers are so far out of the ordinary, its hard to argue that they are a natural outcome of the market.  Its difficult to estimate what combination of approaches will prevail, but whatever happens, it will be bring broad benefits to society as a whole, far outweighing the impact on the federal budget.
How Geneticists Link Genes To Diseases | It is astounding to think that just 20,000 of these protein coding genes is enough to take a single cell, which we all once were and inspire this program of elaborate complex development into a human being.
The Lesson for Obama of Europe's Failed Austerity | "Such an economic strategy - forcing banks to help distressed homeowners, stopping oil speculation, boosting spending until unemployment drops to 5%, and fighting to ensure economic gains are widely shared - is critical to jobs and growth."
Yeah, the yellow pins on your world map look like they're near AU/NZ but they don't indicate actual distances or travel time.  We had 3 months each in AU and NZ in 2007.  Well worth the time.  Especially NZ.  Their maps had scenic roads marked but I told them I would be better to mark unscenic roads since they only had a couple in the entire country.
I'm nave enough to think there are some cross-partisan issues that promise a broad appeal.  **Transparency, accountability, oversight.**  I realize the far right doesn't like these but they line up with notions we learned in Civics class about how democracy is supposed to work.    Voting reform is important and would increase the percentage of voters if they thought their vote made a difference.  [Range Voting](http://rangevoting.org/) has impressed me the best but almost any alternative to winner-take-all would be an improvement.  Changing the ability of media to deny advocacy advertising would open a wedge for some creative [culture jamming](http://www.adbusters.org/).  There would be plenty of opposition to these kinds of issues but at least they ought not to splinter any movement of ours internally.
Do these fit in here? -- months of the year in the modern calendar, days of the week.
The Republicans have done their best to make this election about fear and hate. That is their brand of sand.  Democrats are cooperating nicely, by refusing to engage in a values debate.  The only question is, why?  For many people the answer is simple: voters don't really have a choice; the political process is nothing more than a Kabuki dance in which both sides represent corporate America and the uber-rich, while playing their respective roles in public.  That answer is a self-fulfilling prophecy. Believing it makes it so.  But even if it's true, we, the people are the only power capable of changing that reality. We can start by refusing to drink the sand.
click on a file, F2, copy file extension, ALT+Tab to notepad, click at the end of line 1, paste, ALT+Tab to Explorer, click on next file... I'ts way too much time wasted.   For that specific issue, try [Filegrab](http://www.pcmag.com/article2/0,2817,5752,00.asp).
Well, that's a helpful rebuttal.
Another single-Xer here, moved to respond by the flurry of thoughts and feelings triggered by your post and all the comments.   There is something of value in all the comments and I'm heartened by all the good advice.  The basic issues seem to me to be related to how to be in the world, and they apply to all of us, of whatever age or gender.  I don't mean to denigrate the advice about makeup and clothes -- it's good advice and may be more accessible than 'deeper' issues.    Even though you don't want to move in with your dad, I hope you can find a way to use your relationship with him as a source of strength.  And I suggest that it's helpful to remember that however misguided your mother is, she loves you and mostly intends what she says to be for what she thinks is good for you.  And you can love her back, this deeply flawed woman, without succumbing to her warped views.  Make no mistake, though, Qeraeth is right in characterizing this as emotional abuse.  Not many of us grew up without some abuse, but still I think it's better to call it what it is.  The thing to do is to use that knowledge to free yourself from the entanglements.  Detachment doesn't mean separation, just kind of getting unhooked (huge work at your age, but you're up to it).  Stay tight with friends who understand and support you without a lot of judgement.  You don't need to push the others away unless they're really toxic, just don't tune yourself to their opinions.  This sub-reddit looks like it could be a valuable resource for you.  Use what works and don't let the rest slow you down.  Bless you.
Sorry about that -- thanks for supplying the link.
Accidentally, but relentlessly, America has built a health-care system with incentives that inexorably generate terrible and perverse results. Incentives that emphasize health care over any other aspect of health and well-being. That emphasize treatment over prevention. That disguise true costs. That favor complexity, and discourage transparent competition based on price or quality. That result in a generational pyramid scheme rather than sustainable financing. And thatmost importantremove consumers from our irreplaceable role as the ultimate ensurer of value.