In short, TLR4 receptors are part of the inflammatory signaling pathways that respond to things like bacterial infections. While some evidence existed that these receptors could affect insulin sensitivity, there was much debate as to the nature of this effect since it was only described in genetic knockout animals. These researchers used pharmacological tools to conclude that TLR4 block in vivo restored insulin sensitivity in both the periphery and the liver directly, and not because of influencing weight gain and fat deposition (as suggested in other studies). Does this make TLR4 a novel target for type 2 diabetes? Perhaps...but the well-documented role for TLR4 in immune responses leave me dubious. Nonetheless, and interesting read -- for those interested in receptor pharmacology!
Toll-Like Receptor 4 Inhibition Protects against Acute and Chronic Fat-Induced Insulin Resistance in Rats
[Link to original article, though I fear it's behind a paywall.](http://www.pnas.org/content/early/2015/07/16/1510581112)  EDIT: Typo.
In other words: I don't think it's been documented, nor do I think it's possible for anyone to "have a clue".
You need any help on it, I'd be glad to be involved.
You're welcome!!
TOTALLY agree. And the title is actually COMPLETELY wrong: they made an anti-clotting agent.
Yes, it is...But the venom wasn't used in the experiments per se. They genetically altered the yeast to make the same protein as was found in the venom. And this is pretty cheap, by comparison.
I think you mean plaque, not plague. But the problem (as stated in the article) is not just breaking up the plaques -- it's doing it in a timeframe that is soon enough to prevent the irreversible cognitive decline. Breaking up the plaques is super; subsequently restoring function would be the Holy Grail.  Still, as we're able to identify the plaques earlier and earlier, this new drug has HUGE promise at preventing cognitive decline.
I can try. Feeding mice a high fat diet resulted in oxidative stress, increased inflammation, and caused fat to be deposited in the liver and other organs where it doesn't belong. The researchers contest that a change in the connective tissue between the fat cells (adipocytes), due to oxidative stress, prevented them from expanding to store the circulating fatty acids that were damaging other organs and causes all the trouble.  By giving the mice a lot of vitamin E (an antioxidant), they were able to combat the oxidative stress, prevent the remodeling of the fat cells, and basically improve the health of the obese mice.
Ha. I'll bite....and start with something basic. I'm going to suggest the battery: that amount of electrical energy stored in such a small "container" would be of HUGE interest to things like space exploration and medicine.
All mice, as with humans, are susceptible to cancer to some extent....and I guess some research suggests mice are generally more "susceptible" than humans to some types of tumors. The cool thing with the mice is that you can use targeted genetic mutations to make the mice far more susceptible to certain types of cancers, and then look at the effect of stimuli on that rate of tumor development. That's what the researchers did here: they took a strain of mouse known to develop a certain (mammary, in this case) type of tumor, and had a control group and a group exposed to a disruption of day/night cycle. Then they compared the two. Whether or not the mice develop tumors faster/more often than humans isn't so important...at least, not to this study. That's the beauty of the mouse studies -- taking genetically-identical mice and subjecting them to different conditions. I know it might not ultimately apply to humans, but it's a start.
That's an interesting premise I'd not considered...would the high HR and the resultant increase in blood flow be to defend against the rapid heat loss, or a result of compensation for the more rapid heat loss?
Some yes, some no. In this case the venom breaks up clots, not causes clots. The title is wrong.
Too many variables at play to be anything other than coincidence, in my opinion...but i also imagine that the rate of conjoined births is so low, and the factors you are asking about are so subjective, that there is no way to tell for certain.
Judging by the concentration-response curves I could find with a cursory PubMed search, I would say diphenhydramine is a competitive antagonist at the H1 histamine receptor. It causes a parallel rightward shift in the curve, which is pretty typical of the pharmacodynamics of competitive antagonists. Thus, it seems to interact with the receptor in a similar way to histamine.  That being said, I did find other information that suggests diphenhydramine is actually an inverse agonist: that is to say, it blocks constitutive activity of the H1 receptor (activity present in even in the absence of histamine). So, I imagine that the description as a competitive inverse agonist may be apt here. Or, some allosteric modulation is also happening -- but that is PURE speculation on my part.
Apparently there are 13 different proteins in the peanut that contain amino acid sequences to which antibodies attach ("epitopes"). People with peanut allergies usually have a specific immunoglobulin (IgE) that recognizes these epitopes from peanut proteins, and generates a massive immune/inflammatory response...hence, the severe anaphylaxis caused by peanuts in people with a peanut allergy.  It appears there is still some debate as to the major culprit, but you can read more about this topic [here](http://www.hindawi.com/journals/ijfs/2013/909140/). This paper gives a nice (but technical) overview of the different allergens thought to be responsible for peanut allergies.
[PubMed Central](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/) is a good place to go. All the papers here are free to everyone. They're not the newest, but usually within the last 18 months. All of us government-funded researchers are now required to deposit our manuscripts there for "public consumption" after the original publication.
Agreed about administration; it's getting absurd the amount of 6-figure salaries being paid to people who tell us to do the exact same thing 5 different ways.  However, as a research scientist, I see very little incentive from the University to teach undergraduates. My grants bring in far more indirect dollars than my students, so most of my time is spent trying to get grants instead. Sometimes it feels like teaching responsibilities are used as punishments for scientists who've fallen on hard times (funding-wise). I think the united state's universities would be well-served to reward and encourage their brightest and best faculty to teach.  Also? No one has EVER taught US how to teach! Education classes should become compulsory during PhD-level graduate education...but perhaps this is a topic for a different discussion...
The answer is a resounding 'maybe'.   Like so many science things, there isn't yet a clear answer...but it does appear that, under certain conditions (like dehydration), the urothelial cells that line the bladder can express "aquaporins". Aquaporins are essentially pores in the cell wall that allow movement of water across a cell membrane. These are the same kind of pores that are in the renal tubules to allow reabsorption of water in the kidney.   But, a lot of the work examining this is in cultured human urothelial cells, and bladders from rodents. More work needs to be done to see when and if these aquaporins contribute significantly to water or sodium reabsorption from the bladder. Truly, there has been a lot of interest lately in the role of the urothelium in regulating bladder function, and it appears that it isn't just a barrier that's impervious to urine like we originally thought.    --  SOURCE(S): I research bladder function for a living; that and [PubMed](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/).
This is taken directly from [rediopaedia.org](http://radiopaedia.org/articles/endometrial-thickness), a site designed to assist radiologists and ultrasound technicians:  In premenopausal patients, there is significant variation at different stages of the menstrual cycle.  * during menstruation 1,4: 2-4 mm * early proliferative phase (day 6-14): 5-7 mm * late proliferative-pre ovulatory phase: up to 11 mm * secretory phase: 7-16 mm * following dilatation and curettage or spontaneous abortion: 5 mm, if it is thicker consider retained products of conception.
Wrong kind of rocket pop. And the bumper says "watch children". Eew.
Reuptake is saturable: a finite amount of glucose can be taken back up at a time. The amount of glucose in the blood in the absence of insulin exceeds the amount that transporters can move per unit time. Thus, out goes the glucose...and out goes water with it, for that matter.
It seems like Tim Hunt is not the only person to say wholly irrational, sensational and unfounded statements after winning the Nobel: [James Watson](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/fury-at-dna-pioneers-theory-africans-are-less-intelligent-than-westerners-394898.html), for example?
Every process in your entire body is ultimately regulated by only 4 ions: Na+, K+, Ca2+, and Cl-.
Well, in the simple sense, if your ic50 values are within the confidence intervals of the ic50 values reported  elsewhere, then it seems you could attest that your values are not significantly different from the original values. I can't think of a statistically legitimate way to make the comparison between 2 separate groups without at least knowing the variance within one of the groups. Then you can see if your value fits within that variance.
Something else...the "effects" of which you speak are either due to TRPV1-expressing sensory nerves near your rectum, or due to inflammation in response to large, local release of neurotransmitters due to nerve activation. Interestingly, from a pharmacological perspective, menthol and capsaicin are really doing the exact same thing: opening an ion channel that is depolarizing a sensory nerve. The fact that we perceive it as cold vs. hot is merely coincidental...so, sadly, no balance. Might actually feel WORSE, given the circumstances. :)
Euchre. Well-known in the Midwest US, but otherwise not so much (it seems). Three and 4 player iterations exist.
Waiting.
All of Apple Store and iTunes down; "STAUS_CODE_ERROR".
3rd on burp cloths...but butt wipes are also seemingly ALWAYS in short supply.
You mean, you DON'T?