Play DM with weapons that's you can use in comps. Ak, m4, tec 9, five seven, usps, glock, etc. An smg or 2 wouldn't hurt either.  Once your aim is on point, play a few M to see where you are stand I ng, your fall point will likely be your game sense.   To improve gamesense, you need to analyze how you and others play. You also need to know what your are looking for, which many people dont. Watch this:https://youtu.be/AyuJ7pIgCbM  That should help a bit.
Lost reference?
Mindless eating. You can be thinking about how bad it is for you to eat something as you proceed to eat it. Wish I had your problem haha.
By far the dumbest thing I have read in this sub... this isn't a LPT, it's common sense.
LOL, at first I thought you meant it litterly....  "because she was trying to **fuck** with me over the cost of a barbie doll"  Then I continued reading, was disappointed.
Is there a massive design flaw behind the side mirrors as well?
Yeah ok...... ignorant as hell.
Capitalism
If only they put as much effort into working as they do in their ridiculous riots...  I am more inclined to write a large paycheck to my local PD for keeping me and the rest of my community safe.
It isn't something you should count on.  Cops are paid for court time, so there is really no reason he wouldn't mind showing up.
You won't be overtraining. Don't even worry about overtraining tbh.   As long as you are training different muscle groups each day, there shouldn't be an issue.
Of all the actual problems that exist in the United states, we focus on these nonissue issues...
Thanks for the information.
/r/fasting
Sounds interesting, I'll be keeping an eye on it, and might even post there once I have my diet at a level I deem acceptable
Real men eat tuna with more tuna.
Should we tell them?
If you struggle with reading, don't post your opinion, you look like a fool.
Do you even fly?
The seat number was his...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdFmyQkYOxs  There we go haha. I was on my phone, so must've somehow copied the wrong link.
Flak is more dangerous than annoying my friend, if the gunner is smart. Now imagine flak and g2a lockons are everywhere.... Oh, and only 3 lockons kill you.... Food for thought?  All I see here is "br100's vetted stuff after playing for hundreds of hours, but i don't want to work for it"
Buffing AA
When will the air portion of the game improve?   When will AA get a nerf? Burster maxs and sky guard can destroy an esf in 2-3 seconds. When will soe make air game better? I feel like I am flying paper in the sky.  The amount of time and effort we put in to be decent pilots, is all countered by weapons, that require 1/100th of the skill to use. Mattiace did a good job of explaining why there should be a balance for skill, not just weapons. http://youtu.be/F7AxfS3FHTQ  What are your opinions on AA as pilots, and what are your opinions on AA when playing the role of AA?
Our education system is a joke. No one cares about classes, they are all boring lectures of stupid where some prick refered to as a teacher, tells you to do shit.... We learn to complete tests, little of that knowledge is used in our careers.  Now I bet since we are so behind, they might give us more work which will lead to less giving a shit, and lower grades.
Any former athiests?   I am not here to start a war. I do not like to look at things from one side, so i am just going to ask you some questions, hopefully you won't take offense.  Let's start like this, I was raised as a Christian. We went to church every Sunday, I mindlessly prayed, went to Sunday school. I began to despise going to church. It was just boring, all that was discussed was the same concepts of love, respect.  I began to question the bible, gods, and their existence. I began to see a lot of contradictions, and when I asked my parents, they either changed the subject, or told me I should talk to the padtor.  I did just that, yet I still kept getting strange answers, that contradicted what was said by others in the past.  Out of curiosity, I read the bible, word by word. That too was full of contradictions, and passages that could be interpreted both ways.   Why have you started believing?  Have you read the bible word for word and seeked an unbiased meaning?  What are your personal opinions about athiests?  Do you think that it is right for God to send athiests to hell for eternity, because they didn't let him save them from him?  What are your opinions on heaven/hell?
How to dance to dubstep: Pentecostal edition(old, but funny)   Found this beautiful gem: http://youtu.be/yowsa7d_MLY  This is quite old, but still entertaining. Hope to show some people who haven't seen this yet.
Black rhinos are already extinct...
Unless we visit these places, we won't know for sure. There may be life there today, but we cannot see it, because we are seeing the light from times long ago.
No, the real name isn't a requirement, or an issue. You have no clue what you are talking about. The issue is it deletes your avatar, subscriptions, and allows spammers to spam mercilessly.
Videos that were live streamed dont have the new commenting system, yet.
It doesn't work because it is worse than the old system. You have bots posting links now, and these links are-- I'm assuming viruses. The comments no longer have a character limit, which just brings a.whole new level to the spam.  All the replies aren't hooked together. Honestly, reddit has the best system for comments, communication wise.