Mango
Thank you.
Probably.
Nope.
Works perfectly on a Nexus 6 running 5.1.1. I'm missing that smooth sexy Cortana voice though. Just plain Generic Jane.  Edit: I change my mind. This feel like a pre-alpha Google now.
Double Bronson.
In your opinion.
It's not up to me to decide if her statement is fine, neither is it for me to give judgement on her saying it. Do I agree with her? I don't think so, but that goes into a deeper conviction that marriage is an old fashioned concept regardless of gender.
[Whoohoo I won another argument on the internet.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Godwin%27s_law)
She's a human being entitled to her opinion whichever that opinion is. If the German people don't like it she'll be a goner by the next election.   My guess: we do not care.
http://i.imgur.com/54HBvgX.jpg
When this first came out my dad bought one. I think he paid about 6 grand for it. He used it twice before realising he looked like an idiot.   It's still in storage. I should get it out and do a fun project with it.
You can't pluck a bald chicken.
You nearly killed reddit. This can be forgiven.  You are however a threat to women in tech. You are bad and you should feel bad.
Right in her kisser!
Remember that a 40$ bottle of wine sold at a wine importer will sell for 150-200$ in a restaurant. The factor is anywhere between 2 and 6 times the purchase value.   These restaurants don't make much money on the food. If you have 40 seat,  but also employ 20+ kitchen staff,  plus front house staff,  including a matre and a sommelier that will make absolute bank if they are half decent,  you need to win it back on the wine.
Explain to me your train of logic that allows Verizon to sell you a 599 phone for either 0 or 199 from the goodness of their heart. After all it's free. They must be the most altruistic organisation on the planet. Modern day saints even just handing out money as a private organisation.   Grow up.
Wrong. The phone doesn't cost 199. It costs 599. You pay 199 up front and 400 spread over the term of the contract. Please don't be so ignorant.
Instead poverty for all!
Hey everyone,   Can someone please get me in contact with the Nobel Prize comity? This guy just permanently solved all the worlds unemployment issues!  His glorious solution "Someone else will hire them!".  You saw it here first, on reddit!
In my opinion the referendum is just there to make the people think they have a say in this. They do not. Every single action so far has been in the direction of "We need more money, we promise to pay it back, also lend us more money so we can pay back the previous lender." It's like a pyramid scheme on national level.  What the Greek people and government need to do it turn very frugal, start to learn to live on the welfare level they can afford. Reform the economy (I mean, really, what does Greece have? Tourism and limited agriculture?). Exploit upcoming markets. They have tons of sun and wind, become the number one net exported of Green energy in the world. I'm sure that the EU would be willing to help pay for that. Create the best damn tourist place to be you can. Last time I was on holiday in Greece it was terrible, I would not return. etc etc.  Go frugal, live a life that you can actually afford, reform, create a unique selling point. It is hard, and I certainly do not know HOW they should do it, these are just my ideas, take them for what you will.
100K votes on change.com.   50000 more and Obama will tell us it is not his job to interfere with corporate affairs!
I really, REALLY wish I had a gym like this close by.  All gyms (and I've checked) in a 30 mile radius are McGyms focussing on fat chicks doing Zumba and Spinning and cardio bunnies running for two hours on a thread mill (believe me I live near a near-zero crime rate nature reserve without wild animals and paved roads throughout for runners and cyclists). I want something raw, no bullshit. A place where men and women can workout in peace and camaraderie.
Yes.
Then the term " Ask Me Anything"  has two false statements.  "Me" and "Anything".  I'm pretty sure he never even saw the AMA. Just 1 minute in between whatever important business he had a PR person pushed a sign in his hand and said "Smile".
I find Chairwoman Pao's reaction priceless. Her masterplan is coming to the end game. Within a few months they'll sack her. She'll sue and try to bail her criminal husband out again. #truelove
You're lucky it was a sharp knife. Sharp knife cuts heal well. Blunt knife cuts are jagged and scar like a mofo.
One of my colleagues is colour blind as well and part of MY job is identifying colour difference. If I cannot spot a difference I ask him.  Apparently colour blind people are better at identifying the difference between shades of the same colour. After asking one of the professors about this during a work related seminar he confirmed this.  Now I don't have empirical evidence, and this might be very anecdotal, it works for me.
I often fly with KLM actually. It's pretty good.   To make sure the illusion is real ensure you get a sealed dinner plate and complain / refuse if you don't.
Suddenly "Gay Bar"  by Electric Six got a whole lot more relevant. (the video clip).
We have this here too. It's still full of sugar. Also in my opinion it tasted poor.
1. Hire lawyers at at least " Big-Five" partner level. 2. Make lawyers ensure the taxman gets at little as possible, 3. Break up pot into smaller pots (investments, mixed risk). 4. Have a fat spending account to get the urge to spend out of my system (less than 10%).  5. ~~Kill a couple of hobos~~ Enjoy life. 6. edit: Buy enough shares in the company I currently work for that I get some power. 7. Fire my ex-boss.