Story time!  I'm in my second year at a culinary and hospitality college, and it's pretty damn diverse.  So I'm in the kitchens with my buddies, and people are ordering their food from the servers. Well most of these servers/hospitality students come from overseas to learn. So whenever there's a bill that has an "ask server" note, they come over to explain.  I'm all for cultural diversity, but if the head of the kitchen doesnt understand a fucking word the servers are saying, you shouldn't be in that job until you learn the local language.  TL;DR; learn how to speak to people before you try to be in a business criticality dependant on communication.
Triggered.
I really don't care that it's considered a sci-fi staple, classic, masterpiece, whatever.  Could not for the life of me will myself to finish The Fifth Element. I have no specific reasons, just overall it wasn't for me.  Normally I'm good to go for sci-fi, seen enough Star Trek, Star Wars, Stargate, and Terranova to last multiple lifetimes, still didn't prepare me for this film.
I love hanging out with my friends and playing some games, watch a movie, get some takeout, whatever. Sometimes we split a few bowls, chat, and have a great time. Never once has anyone talked about how much they did/could smoke or harassed the others about doing more. Its entirely about the social experience for us and we love it. And we don't get together for the high, usually its to hang out or have a barbecue, fun stuff.  Edit: we aren't even typical stoners; I'm in college to be a chef, my best bro is a entertainer, and our friends are university students for engineering, music, etc.
I have never seen such a misinformed post in my reddit experience.  Yes climate change is a big deal, but its definitely not very big as to why US is running short on water.  Many of the surface water sources are polluted, aquifers are nearly drained to sustain cities that shouldn't exist, such as Las Vegas and parts of California.  Whenever a governing body deems there is an excess of a water source (there is no such thing when it is one of the few things sustaining life on earth), they sign really shitty contracts to sell to Nestle for next to nothing.  The US is running out of water because of decades of corruption, greed, and mismanagement.
How about we trade Minnesota for Alberta?
Which aren't even French. They're Belgian.
Read that last bong as a fog horn and laughed so hard the neighbours dog howled.
Being in the culinary business, its shit like this I hate. Sure its small, its supposed to be. That kind of salad is meant to prepare your palette for the main dish.  I'm going to guess you're used to your drive-thrus and 6 big mac combos, with diet coke because you're watching what you eat.  Food is more than shovelling horrid quantities in a gapping maw. It really is an art. It must taste good, and look good too.  As for the pricing comments I'm seeing, it is pretty common for upscale restaurants to have a flat rate and pick a starter, main, and dessert. It may be $40, that's because 75% of the cost goes to paying people who spend years and tens of thousands of dollars training to do the job.
Unprotected straight sex seems to lead to an increase in females growing parasites for ~9 months, and when its finally removed, have cloth and care for it for another 16+ years.  I don't like kids, can you tell?  Edit: to make my point relevant, there's a lot of shitty straight people doing things to mess up others lives, especially children, so straight relationships aren't gilded in gold and silver. Let people do what they want and be done with it.
I wasn't born until 95', so for me its unfamiliar seeing people say "i remember wanting x-model..." since i build my own custom computers.  While comparing modern computers to past nostalgia, my latest build:  2 GB Asus r7 graphics  16 GB GSkill RAM  3.4GHz Intel i5 fourth gen processor  500 GB Seagate HDD w/ 16 MB cache  250 GB Kingston SSD  Asus z-87 motherboard  650 watt Corsair power supply  3 metres royal blue LED lights inside a beautiful clear side paneled Bitfenix Ronin midsize tower.
My childish bitching and lying? Where did you see that? I'm voicing that from what I've seen, he has no interest in anything but destroying one of the richest environments on the planet in the name of fossil fuels.  And I did not know he won on that platform, which in itself is pathetic on the candidates and voters part.  When said voters realize, "shit, we fucked up," all the changes made will take a while to correct.
|get the butcher to drop off his meat  Heh
Metacritic, search title, read a couple reviews of all ratings to get a feel for pros-cons of the movie.  Sure, this isn't exactly a specific reviewer, but I haven't seen a bad movie (voluntarily) in a long time.
Not sure if I want to upvote nearly every comment in this post because I agree, or because its 8 am Christmas day and I haven't slept yet.
Which is called a steel
It varies with every brand and type of knife. Cheap knives are made to not be sharpened, because they're essentially disposable. Good brands like Henckels, Victorinox, and Global are standard edged, so just put the blade 12* to the stone.  Some other notes, I prefer water stones because its a little quieter, but you end up with water all over the counter (not a big deal).  As well, there's two common styles of sharpening, European and Asian/Japanese. Basically European starts with the block lengthwise towards you, and sharpened by dragging the heel of the blade towards and to the side of you, to get the whole blade. Japanese is faster, but trickier. Take the knife in a good grip and use a chiselling motion from tip to heel (holy hell don't stab the stone and break the knife!).  I like to start Japanese on a rough stone to start with a new edge, then work up over three grades of stones with European. Every few strokes run your thumb perpendicular the blade to check for a lip. If there's one you oversharpened one side. And use the steel rod to finish. And keep using it when using knives a lot. I run my French knife over steel every 15-20 minutes of continuous use.
I found Leeroy!
As someone who reacts terribly to cheese curds, shredded will do just fine.
The average Starbucks "patron" doesn't order coffee, just coffee-flavoured liquid sugar and foam with more sugar and shit on top.
Or Canada
Dont hate my tilly
Sounds about as useful as Moon Moon.
I guess my shoes will last forever; $300 Rockports
We all know this woman. Know-it-all, thinks she's everyone's friend, uses feminism as an excuse for lack of hygiene. That's the Becky I (unfortunately) know.  Fucking Becky.
Fixed...
I feel like all the posts here are from non-Canadians. Here's a short summary of stereotyped Canadian culture from my experience living here all my life:  Yes we're usually nice. No we don't apologize for everything.  Tim Hortons makes the worst cup of coffee in the country.  Maple syrup is amazing. This is a fact.  We don't say "aboot" we just talk faster than Americans.  Our military is small because no one doesn't like us.  Tim Hortons coffee again. Seriously, they could burn iced cappuccinos.
Doesn't matter what demograph you fall under, if you perpetuate a negative stereotype, I have nothing but negative thoughts about you.  Not to pick on anyone in particular, but I used to see a guy in a wheelchair daily around my former place of work. Panhandled every single day, finally I got fed up with him. I asked why he can't work.  "I'm in a wheelchair!"  "How are your hands? Do they function?"  "Yeah, sure!"  There you go.
I like A W over all the other brands, except maybe a very close tie with the brand that has a crow on it. Every time I visit the States, I load up on that stuff for the week or so I'm there.  Last time I saw it, Mennards had it on a pallet.
When you have 1tb hdd available, why wouldnt you dump junk files cluttering ssd onto it?  I hear it constantly, "mechanical is so great you should ge-" no, go away. The clicking alone is reason not to get it. Then you have to press at least twice as far per keystroke. Thats wasted time.
Maybe just my opinion on the matter, but rock and whatnot is supposed to be unpolished, boarderline "barbaric" as viewed from the structured world of professionally trained musicians. My ex that I still talk to a lot plays many orchestra instruments, I play guitar and bass, im always telling her to loosen up and play what she likes and feels right more, she says I should work on more theory.  Who cares if they are self taught, or went to a school for it? If they can do it and they sound good, thats all that matters.  With that said, fuck mainstream radio. That shit has no heart and soul to it. Damn scourge of the music industry.
I started with 3rd edition and 3.5 playing Neverwinter Nights, which somewhat prepared me for 4th edition (4th had a lot of changes!). My best advise, go to the local game shop, there's almost always groups of every kind of card/pen+paper player there, and watch, ask questions, borrow a book or download a pdf. You start theoryceafting nasty character builds. Example, I broke my leader druid by giving him a 2d6 weapon that thanks to a druid mechanic, rolls 2d12. Just to swing a heavy stick! Edit: you WILL make new friends doing this too. Plus it's more fun to go out to a common place, or host d d and beer nights.