Fox makes nice bike shorts that come with a padded pair of underoos that you cut out. You can wear those underoos under anything to pad your bum.  As some other folks mentioned, the soreness should go away over time if the bike is fitted properly. But I can understand wanting some relief in the meantime.  Also a good saddle is a great investment, but they will take time to break in. I love brooks saddles but they take lots of miles before they're really fitted properly to you.
Thats not really true. PA is one of the largest states in the union, and while most of the major metropolitan centers are sort of near borders (lehigh valley, delaware valley, pittsburgh, etc) they are still often an hour away. If you are in the middle of the state it is easily a 2+ hour drive across a border.   I live in the Lehigh Valley and it is about 30 minutes to NJ. I have to make the trip somewhat frequently to buy grain alcohol for making extracts. You can get a license in PA for free, but there are only 2-3 stores in the state that carry 90%+ grain alcohol so even if you have the permit you're screwed if you arent near them.  If you live in Philly you could go to Camden if you really don't value your life.
From my perspective (and most pleb investors) they aren't really going to ever have a lump sum - at least not at an appreciable amount that most investors would really consider a lump sum. So in that case, it makes sense to invest like you said - what you can, when you can. Just do it on a set schedule so you don't start skipping it.  By buying that way, say, once every month, even if you aren't intending to it is still functionally the same thing as DCA, isn't it? Even if you aren't saying "well, it's a little high right now, so I'll take this 10k and invest 1k a month for the next 10 months" it's still more or less what you're doing. You just don't have the long term plan. The nice part is you likely end up with a much lower cost basis over time, but you do lose out on the dividends (if applicable) because you didn't have the lump sum invested up front.  If I (or OP) had a lump sum to invest, I would really be torn honestly. I've been in funds that have lost a TON before. I've also been in stocks that have gone completely worthless. I'd probably end up doing a mix of both based on current market conditions.  You make some really good points.
Lots of good questions, though I fear I'll just get rated down again if I respond, but what the hell.  I track a LOT of accounts (17 currently), and maintain ledgers on all of them to the cent. However, checking accounts serve a fundamentally different purpose than the majority of those accounts. There is constantly cash going in and out, and we have multiple people using the account (myself and my wife). This leaves a lot of opportunity for errant charges to slip in.  For balancing the checking account, I do two things - first I check that every charge referenced in my checkbook has a matching line item on the statement and vice versa. If there is anything in one but not the other, I take the appropriate actions.  At the same time I check the amount of each transaction - while the amounts are rounded, they are never more than 99 cents off. While this still could potentially cause problems with transposed number errors, it still gives me enough precision to see if I am off by more than 1 dollar.  The small 99 cent amounts are never reconciled against the account. The net effect is that in your checkbook you will always show a smaller amount than what is actually in the account.  The major benefit is for people who don't have cash to set aside to put an actual buffer in their checking account, and are constantly overdrafting. It essentially lets them slowly build up a buffer over time by borrowing a few cents at a time from themselves in their checkbook, while not actually removing the money from their account.   The problem with moving it to a savings account is many checking accounts don't offer overdraft protection, so moving it to another account gets rid of the "buffer" it provides in the checking account. Even the most diligent accounting still can miss the occasional errant transaction, charges cleared by accident, or charge placed by a spouse that they forget to tell you about when you are doing your weekly banking. This extra amount can absorb that before any overdraft protection would get kicked off, or worse, any overdraft charges get levied against you.
Can you pm me where you are located? I would love a system like this but I am looking for something much larger (I want to be able to have a few tilapia so I can have both veggies and protein). I was looking to build it myself, but  the prices on prefab tanks are astronomical.
This looks like so damn much fun!
That's exactly what I'm talking about, thank you!!
I always have extra withheld.  Yes, it is an interest free loan, but only for a period of 1 year. The fact that the cash would have trickled in means it likely would have been spent on incidentals through the year (as you have more cash you tend to spend more, even if you stick to a budget).  After seeing several people get hit with several thousand in owed taxes, I'd rather be sure I won't owe and get a nice windfall at the end of the year we can use to pay for a vacation or a home upgrade. The most I have ever owed was 50$ to the state. I consider the forfeited interest in the money as paying for piece of mind I won't get a massive bill.
You're lucky. My wife knows that this is a divorcable offense - right up there with scrubbing my cast iron or using my knives improperly. There are some things that *simply are not done.* ;)
Did... did she tell you to say that? It's ok, we're just reddit, you can tell us. She can't hurt you here \*brohug\*
I think it's a mix. He grew up in an environment where every single person around him has aims to ascend to the throne, and they don't care if they kill everyone else in the family. So, he knows he has to be a nasty sonuvabitch to keep the dogs from running him down. I don't know if it is so much that he is a nasty person, or that he has to act like a nasty person to stay alive himself. The whole thing is farked up.
It may not help much, but the vast majority, 94%, of reported pitbull attacks come from unneutered males.  Source: American Humane Society http://www.psmag.com/nature-and-technology/tragedy-americas-dog-pit-bull-75642)  Does the owner look like a thug, and does their dog have a big ol sack swaying down below? You probably want to avoid.  Otherwise, you don't really have anything to worry about.  Also, statistically dachshunds, Jack Russels and chihuahuas tend to be the most likely breeds to attack someone.  Source: journal of applied animal behavior http://www.appliedanimalbehaviour.com/article/S0168-1591%2808%2900114-7/abstract  Edit: and this is a shining example of why this sub sucks. I provide cited evidence for what I say and I still get downvoted.
I did that a few days ago because I thought it was a pile of spinmetal for 10 marks. I was not amused when I had it reversed. Thankfully I only lost 10 marks from it.  I would have reached out to someone at Bungie but there is still no decent customer support for something I paid $80 for, just suggestions to post on their forum where you will promptly be ignored by their staff.
Network R D engineering for a major telecom. My name is on several IETF RFC's and I actively participate with several of their working groups.  I started out in college as a computer science/psychology dual major, but I couldn't work 2 jobs and still meet the required number of hours so I had to drop the CS major and become a psych major (I could get A's in psych just doing the reading).  The entire time I was in school I was doing technical work - network engineering, systems engineering for the school, hell, even help desk. Luckily this is one of the few arenas where companies are more often concerned about experience and technical certs than they always are about degrees (so long as you have one).
From the thumbnail I thought this was a pie.  It is definitely not a pie.
I actually am a r d engineer in the tech industry, at a reviled "evil" corporation that relied on vendor lock-in. So I am extremely familiar with how it works from both perspectives. That negative sentiment builds up like grain dust. Think it doesn't matter? Look at the Comcast/TWC merger which was brought down largely because of customer sentiment.  Your line of thinking is traditionally correct, and would have been correct about 10, maybe even 5 years ago. Hell it is correct just about everywhere except the tech arena, so please don't think I'm saying you're wrong. But it doesn't work as well with the modern tech industry landscape. The industry on the whole is moving towards an "internet of things" model, relying on lots of easily accessible api-driven services.  Fighting that tide has very real tangible costs. Support calls require paid support staff to field all of those "how do I get X to work!?" questions (in my industry a call costs anywhere from 8 to 10 dollars between payroll and fallout). When you tell a customer something can't work with your product, their initial reaction will be to think your product is crap. They will then look at your competitors to see if they work with it. Your competitors capitalize on your bad decision by marketing all of the services they do allow interoperability with and slinging some mud about how you are dated and noncompetitive. You start bleeding out customers, and end up losing a large number of them to a small company that used an open approach from the beginning because customers want freedom to use what they want and that company understood it.  At this point you sorely regret your decision to force your customers to play in a sandbox instead of taking an open approach and leveraging current technology to its fullest, all necause you wanted to squeeze a few months of profit instead of building a platform for a lifetime of revenue.  I wish I could say I was unfamiliar with this, but I have lived through it.  The traditional business model fails terribly time and again in the tech world. Look at Roku and OpenStack are both great examples. It especially fails when other competitors exist because they will gladly brutalize one another, and they do. Siri, Cortana, and Google Now are all competitors in the same niche, albiet slightly different. Why would any company want to give customers a reason to go to the competition?
I have to disagree about it being a major reach.  * In both groups, people rioted, attacked agents of the government, and destroyed private property. They even went so far as to target particular people (SoL attacked loyalists, tax collectors, and local magistrates, current protestors are attacking police). * In both groups, the protests that led to violence were to protest helplessness at enacting social change to benefit the governed. The colonists couldn't stop taxes, minorities can't stop police from getting special treatment when murdering someone (up to and including DA's doing the exact opposite of their job by acting as defense attorneys in front of grand juries to prevent indictments). * In both groups, there was not yet a formal declaration of war dividing them (so trying to excuse the actions of the SoL as part of war is invalid as the declaration of independence didn't exist until at least 1773, and wasn't ratified until 1776). * We hold one group as heroic patriots for destroying property, and lynching officials, while decrying the other as criminals  I don't see it as being that much of a reach. At the very least, there is a strong enough connection that we can discuss why we consider some rioters heroes for rioting against what they perceive as injustice, while contemporary rioters are written off as criminals.
Let's see.  Attempted character assassination: Check  Straw man argument: Check   just another privileged angsty kid... 1984 is one of the most misunderstood books there is, it's really not meant for your kind.  Orwell was a "privileged angsty kid." Read Down and Out in Paris and London for part of his autobiography. I'm pretty sure you have no idea what you're talking about in terms of who the author intended the book for. It is entertaining to see you make assumptions about who I am, my social station, and more based purely about my opinions of the world.  1984 doesn't have some hidden meaning. The reason everyone gets the same thing out if it is because Orwell was very public about what it represented. [Read his thesis that inspired the book](http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2013/08/12/george-orwell-s-letter-on-why-he-wrote-1984.html). He wanted people to know about how terrifying totalitarianism was, whether it emerged from fascism, socialism, or even democracy gone awry. This was based on his experience in Burma, and in Spain under Franco. He wanted it to be a cautionary tale, and to tell people that they need to be vigilant to prevent it from happening. Per his letters - "the world moves towards fascism, but it's not irreversible". So yeah, seeing shadows of 1984 and trying to sound the alarm was exactly his goal.  So go on, do tell me more about how you know more about Orwell than Orwell did.
Honestly, I rarely had time to talk privately with my FIL. I ended up stealing away for a few minutes on a cell phone when the wife (then gf) wasnt around. It was really as simple as asking - "I want to propose to your daughter - can I have your blessing?"  He laughed, cried a little, said yes, and asked if he could tell his wife (I asked him not to because she can talk a lot).  Make sure the family has an old fashioned side or some folks can be offended.
I'll ask because the title is "no stupid questions" - this is a bit meta -  Why, in general, is this sub so unfriendly?  A few weeks ago I posted about tonewoodamp, asking if anyone had played with it and what they had thought. No responses, just immediate ratedowns. It was topical. I had appropriate flair on the post. But nothing.  I posted a few days later about what the finish was on a little Martin - again, no comments, just ratedowns. Again, topical, with appropriate flair.  It feels like anyone who asks a salient question on this sub gets rated down immediately, and the mods don't really give a damn to stop it. I've pretty much stopped using the sub because of it. I mean, what is the point when you ask a valid question and just get rated down without anyone bothering to provide any information?
I'm familiar with it, actually! Very good sci-fi movie.  Honestly, I suppose it isn't that far off.  Still, it's far better that the animals be treated well than forced to put in restrictive enclosures. I mean, ultimately, they are being raised for food. At some point, they will die. There is no way to sugar coat that. It's the brutal truth. But at least while they're alive they can be treated with dignity and given a modicom of respect, you know?
Depends how it's been made. If it's fairly plain, I'd say, mash it up add an egg or two, a tbsp or two of milk, and 2 slices of white bread that are ground up (you may need to adjust this). Shape into disks and fry. Improvised latkes. Serve with sour cream.  Or trade it to some of your college buddies in exchange for beer. Then drink the beer.
It doesn't. But it is a nice reminder that no matter how many horriffic things there are in the world, some things are still good and pure and wonderful. Like puppies.
Barre chords - how do I make the fleshy part of my finger sound clear?   I've tried the following:  * Arching my finger * Tilting my finger so it's against the corner/side of the finger instead of the bottom * Holding my guitar like I play classical and letting gravity pull my hand down on to the fretboard * Just pressing with all of my strength  No matter what I do, i can't get strings 1, 2, and 3 to sound clearly. Usually 4, 5 and 6 sound ok.  I have really short fat fingers, so the area that is causing problems is really fleshy/chubby. Any tips would be really helpful.
Classical fingerstylist just borrowed a steel string electric to play with - books for jazz?   Pretty much what I put in the title. I've been studying fingerstyle for awhile, and had an opportunity pop up to get an Fender Strat (a buddy is considering selling it, but isn't sure if he really wants to, so I am "long term borrowing" while he decides if he can live without it or not).  This works for me, because in a few months I want to pick up a hollowbody to start venturing more into Jazz and rockabilly.  So, now I have this thing, I don't know where to go first. I tried fingerpicking but it started gouging the hell out of my nails, so I'll be picking up some new alaska piks soon. Are there any good books for jazz that I can start with? This is less serious study and more for fun, so I'd love to hear everyone's opinions. Something for jazz fingerpicking would be spectacular because it's what I'm most comfortable with.
Practical advice on bitcoin   Hey everyone. Like lots of folks, I got involved with cryptocurrency during the boom last december. However, much of the time between then, and honestly, even now, I was flying by the seat of my pants and guiding myself with back-of-napkin math. I didn't keep much in the way of records.  Since getting involved, a number of the parties I've worked with have shuttered their doors, gone bankrupt, or worse (gone rogue resulting in lots of losses that I've more or less shrugged off). With these places closing their doors, I've lost the ability to get records of the transactions to/from them. I still earn some bitcoin weekly through online mining contracts.  So, my issue is I'd like to try and comply with the IRS advisory, but I simply lack most of the records I would need to comply. I'm not really sure what to do. Part of me wants to take the paltry sum of bitcoin that I have now (as in this moment, it's small, about $200 USD) and set it aside, and start keeping immaculate records.  The benefit of doing that is I can start freely converting some of my earnings back to USD so long as I pay taxes on the capital gains/losses, which is a good thing right? If I am correct - I pay taxes on the income the day that the bitcoin is received, and then if it is held, I pay taxes on the capital gains between the day it is received and the day it is used for another financial transaction.  However, I haven't been able to get any real information about how to do my taxes. What forms do I need? Usually I do my taxes with turbotax, but I'm guessing that is out of the question? For a non-tax-pro, the whole advisory is really confusing and I don't really know where to begin if I want to go "green field" and start keeping immaculate records.  I just need advice about what to do and how to best proceed. I've tried starting a conversation about this in /r/bitcoin but the majority of folks there just say not to bother which is counterproductive. I've also seen folks say to talk to a tax attorney or cpa but the prices in our area dwarf the amount ive earned significantly.
Does anyone else find butchering/breaking down animals strangely therapeutic?   Basically what the subject says.  This year we stocked up on fresh cheap turkeys thanks to the holiday sales, and I spent the past hour breaking them down (nothing fancy, just removing the wings, removing and splitting the legs and thighs, deboning the thighs, and removing the boneless breasts, bagging the carcasses for stock). The legs will probably get turned into pulled turkey, the thighs are going to get stuffed and wrapped in bacon. The breasts will get brined and smoked in the smoker (I'm considering making turkey pastrami but I'm concerned about it getting dry). The wings got set aside - we're using them to make our thanksgiving stuffing.  That said - the real point of this post is - does anyone else find breaking down an animal really therapeutic? Almost zen-like? I'm entirely self taught, but it feels almost like if you "tune out" your hands just innately know where to go. Maybe tune-out is the wrong way to put it because I'm paying 100% attention, but, hopefully I'm getting my point across.  Obviously I'm not breaking down beef primals yet, but I'd love to give it a go one day.  So, does anyone else feel the same way??
[Minor Spoilers] Non-Fanboy's First Impressions over 2 hours   About 2 hours ago I got to sit down and finally play Destiny for a bit. I've had it since this morning, but with work, dinner, helping the wife etc I haven't had a chance to play. These are the scattered thoughts I have about the experience. I'm not a fanboy. I didn't play beta, alpha. I'm also not negative about the game. I do think there are a lot of places this could be brushed up, and Bungie should really know better.  So, let's start with the install. This went super easy. I'm using RCN 50mbps down service, so there's very little that doesn't scream when it comes to downloading. This was no exception. The full download and install took about an hour (the install taking the lion's share of that on my PS3).  Next, I registered my Sparrow code (I preordered the DGE via Gamestop for the uncommon Sparrow). Again, no issues at all. This part, for me, went painlessly. I've seen tons of issues on reddit though, so it looks like a bunch of folks got unlucky, which sucks.  I logged into the bungie site and registered the full list of codes, nothing gave me any problems.  So, game launch! Almost immediately I encountered an error. I've posted about it on here, and over on the bungie forums with no real suggestions. When the brightness setting comes up, it says to make it so the logo to the left is barely visible. The problem is, the logo is never visible. Like, it simply isn't there. When you go into options and bring it up, you see the logo briefly, but then the entire background goes black (Here's a snapshot: http://imgur.com/QZw9WAa) No idea how to fix it. Some folks have suggested my TV, but it's a very high end 51" Samsung plasma that supports every video option from the PS3. Some folks have suggested to change the color settings - no, this has been professionally calibrated. I'm not changing it for one game. No other game has issues. My post on the bungie support site has been ignored. -1 for a bad first impression, even if it doesn't seem to impact gameplay. I went so far as to eventually try a full uninstall and reinstall because my new 95$ toy seems to have been partly broken on arrival. Bungie seems to have no real support on their website either - just a forum where if you ask a difficult question, you basically never get a response. In fact, the vast majority of questions on their help forum have gone unanswered. That's troubling. I get it, it's opening day, they're focused on triage. But seriously, not even a "open a support request" page?  So, that aside, I went ahead and created a character, specifically a human male titan. One of the things I kept hearing about this was how in depth the character creation was. I was actually kind of disappointed here - it was nowhere near as limitless as it was hyped to be. Choose your race, your gender, your skin color, your lip color, your eye color, your hairstyle and color, and if you want any facial markings or scars. But if you're human, you can't get cool markings. If you're one of the awoken, you don't get to have scars. It seems artificially limiting - especially when folks have been talking up how deep it went. I was expecting Skyrim type customization where you can control everything down to facial geometry. Still, i was able to put together a fairly dude-ly toon and I kicked it off.  The opening video has some interesting stylistic choices. There's lots of screen jumping and color palette flickering that goes on, to the point where I actually thought it was a bug or problem with the video file (you can see what I mean here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PN9nWByWQD4). Or, I thought it was going to suddenly pull back and turn out to be a monitor someone else was watching. Having watched it 2-3 times now, I get that there are little text blurbs saying "video feed," so it's supposed to look grainy and jumpy. But the first time through, it still felt like the style didn't jive with what they wanted. Still, it got the point across. There's a big snowball floating over mars that makes it rain.  The opening cutscene was flipping gorgeous even on the PS3. I can only imagine on current gen systems. The HDR effects are wicked. Suddenly I'm whisked into existence, and the game starts. I get told to run by a little floating snowball-eye-beholder-dude because some robot lizard men are apparently after me. Except, they're not. I just stand there and they never come. The snowball-eye-beholder-dude starts yelling at me that i'll die, so I stand there to spite him and prove him wrong. I don't die. I get that it's supposed to get me inside, but wouldn't it have been better to have something actually chasing me? Something to make me have a reason to use the sprint button it's telling me about?  So, I played through the first level, the tower, and then the second level from that point on. It played like a normal console FPS. Except I see people around me. But I can't really do anything with them. I can kind of jump towards them a bit? I can't say hey. I can't say "hey dudebro, let's go kick this big mechasaurus dude's ass." I can't say "I need some help, got a sec." I can't say "hey fuckface, I was killing that mechasaurus, beat it." Other people are just NPCs, except you can't interact with them like you can the NPCs (which isn't asking a lot - I'll get to that later).  Everything is super pretty. So much so, that I kind of wish they'd fleshed out other portions of the game a bit more instead of being so graphics focused. I came from the Zork generation, so anything more than text on a screen is decent by my standards.  The voice acting seems kind of meh at this point. For all of the production value, I would have expected something better than what I'm hearing so far. Maybe I'm still dealing with generic low level characters, but still, nothing. What bothers me more is that there's no real dialog with the NPCs. They have one tagline they mention when you approach them, and then when you leave. What should be dialog is instead just a series of menus with a quip at either end. There's no discussing the impending doom of everyone, there's no talking about how good it is to be alive. Hell, I can't even ask the little floating snowball-eye-beholder-dude why the hell he raised me from the dead. It seems like they created a world ripe for interactivity, in which there is basically no interactivity at all. Hell, so far as I've found, I can't even sell crap I don't need to vendors. I guess that would be just too darn interactive! Instead I have to dismantle items instead, so yet again, a chance to interact with SOMETHING is dropped.  At the end of the second mission, some dude in a mask comes out and tells me about the doom facing us all, and I was excited - finally a chance to ask questions! But nope, dropped back in the tower.  So, I switch my gear around, only to find that literally every single piece looks the same. To the point where I honestly can't tell whether or not I've switched anything.  At this point, I have to be honest, my feelings are mixed. It feels like a shooting gallery. You go out shooting, you go back to the tower/lobby. Maybe some other people visit the shooting gallery at the same time as you, maybe they don't. You don't have any control over it, and you can't say hi even if you want. You can try to talk to the vendors and people around the shooting gallery, but they're just shills who say "go shoot more in the shooting gallery!"  I'll play through to the end, but thus far I wish I could say I'm more impressed. But I can't. There are so many good things here, but there are so many missed opportunities it hurts. It also feels like the game has no idea what it wants to be.  So, does this ever get more interactive? Does the voice acting improve? I'm guessing the story improves, but am I basically just going to be shown a movie/cutscene, shoot, watch a movie/cutscene, shoot, ad nauseum? Let me know.
Estimating BBQ time for a full brisket   EDIT: I'm asking about pastrami, not a Texas brisket!  Hey everyone! The wife's dad is going to be coming out next weekend to help us install our new front door. Thanks to her parents' lovely birthday gift to me this year, I was finally able to get the Weber grill I've wanted for years, so this is my chance to show them gratitude AND show them I know how to use it.  I'm going to be making homemade pastrami from scratch (from corning the brisket through bbq) and doing pastrami sandwiches because it's one of her dad's favorites.  So, my next step is figuring out how much time to estimate. I know with pork I usually have to aim at the 2 hour per lb mark because I tend to do low cooking (200-225). I also don't plan to foil wrap. I'm a bit concerned considering I've read the full brisket can be upwards of 18 lbs, but after the last BBQ session I've decided that if I won't sleep for 2 days I've got to make it worth my while, lol.  The corning takes about 5 days, and I'm estimating somewhere around 1-2 days of bbq.  Any advice would be appreciated on helping to refine those numbers.  Also, any recommendations on wood? I have cherry and hickory on hand at the moment.
Done mining!   Well, it has been a ton of fun folks, but with this halving I will now be losing about 5$ a day thanks to power. I just want to say it's been a ton of fun, and I've really enjoyed mining doge. I also really want to thank the folks at teamdoge for everything.  At this point I'm either switching to a multipool or going to hop from crapcoin to crapcoin and see what profitability i can find. Given scrypt asics coming out, I don't see myself mining too much longer, and none of the scrypt-n coins seem to be very effective to mine.  So thank you all for the fun, I loved mining. At this point I've got my nice pile of doge that I'll be holding on to until I find something REALLY COOL I want to buy :)  Don't worry though, I'll be sticking around the sub because once a shibe, always a shibe :)
Want to help bring the price up? Support doge4water. Why? Read within.   There are 70000 shibes registered in this sub. That means if every single one of us donated 1000 doge, we'd blow the roof off of our goal.  So, how does this raise the value of dogecoin? Simple - PR. When we meet the goal, we can send out press releases. A TON of them. Everyone in the community can get in touch with their favorite news website and provide the press release. It's what's called a media or marketing blitz. We push to have as many news articles out at the same time - make it impossible for people to miss it. Good news means more people are interested, more people get into the market, and the price goes up because demand goes up.
Feedback on Rig   Hey everyone, it's another one of those posts that you all love! This is meant to be a first foray into mining. I'm starting with 2 GPUs and scaling up from there. Ultimately I'd think this could handle up to 4.  * Motherboard: MSI 970A-G43 AM3+ AMD 970 SATA 6Gb/s USB 3.0 ATX http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16813130679  * CPU: The same CPU everyone else is using :-P http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0040BPHJO  * Power: Corsair RM Series 1000 Watt ATX/EPS 80PLUS Gold-Certified PSU http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00EB7UIZU  * RAM: Kingston 4GB 240-Pin DDR3 SDRAM DDR3 1333 Desktop Memory http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16820239309  * GPUs: 2x SAPPHIRE TRI-X OC 100362-2SR Radeon R9 290 4GB 512-bit http://www.newegg.com/Product/Product.aspx?Item=N82E16814202080  * Storage: 16GB USB 3.0 jump drive http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B007B6YPNO  I'll be running xubuntu off the USB storage. Any suggestions on tweaks? This brings the price to about $1584 with an estimated 1600 KH/s based on the hardware comparisons I've seen. I'm also estimating power should be around 600w at the wall? Should I look into a larger power supply? Any feedback would be appreciated.  This box will be sitting in my basement on my workbench chugging away 24x7x365 (hopefully).