"Experiencing war".    Is that why they come from like Eritrea, which is not at war, refuse to file asylum at any country on the way, and don't accept asylum in countries like France and Italy?  Ffs it is a farce and they are overwhelmingly ecpnomic migrants.
Anders Breivik accepted at Norway's University of Oslo
Could I grow tilapia in a giant tank of this shape?   I was going to drop food in the top and drain out the bottom into the yard.  I live in USDA zone 10, so it would be plenty warm.  I could cut the top open or add a hatch of sorts if it was too small.  I even planned on just dumping an adequte air pump down the top.    Would something like this be too crazy?  The rest of the family doesn't want a pond in the yard.  I will keep the stocking rate something healthy for the fish, and I think in reality it could provide a very safe and healthy environment.  I was going to probably have a water change rate of 10-20 percent a week, and drain the bottom into my surrounding yard.    http://www.usplastic.com/catalog/item.aspx?itemid=24879 catid=871
Holy shit.
The situation of owning a home.  If you can get a decent differential between renting out your main place and renting an efficiency, it can be a pretty sweet arrangement.  I know that couple, and even though they do not need to do that because of fiscal hardship, it is still a really great way to monetize their home.  Just look at how much your house would rent for vs how much you could rent a one bedroom for.    I know you live in a cheap COL area, but I know people that are grossing an extra 2k/month from this if they have a nice house.  That would give you a lot more cash flow and equity on your home, even just in a few years.
I was just asking as your username sounded foreign.   I would speak to your school counselor ASAP if you are struggling.   Many times people are melodramatic about being outed, but if you think that your parents would hurt you or kick you out, do not come out until you have finished college.   You are going to make it through this. Just hang in there.    Also, dont get busted or outed via your reddit account. Set a passwordon your phone and laptop.
1. It is a plug in, and is probably adequate for most short commuters  2. It is already an 18 percentage point jump in a year
I get it. It just makes it less interesting from a layperson's view. I dont know him
Learn english and foreign language while you can and ehead to greener pastures. There is no shame in that.    A plane ticket, even to us/canada is only 1k euro or less. You could take the bus to UK/France/Germany if need be.
Want to escalate U.S.-Russia tension? Arm Ukraine.
Patana rafiki.   You donct speak a language if you have survival skills enough to ask how are you and the my name is stuff. You can't speak in a language at that rate, but you only know the basics of it.   Memorizing a dialog or two off of a pimsleur tape isn't a giant feat worthy of ted talks. I don't get the hype.    In some ways this dabbling hyperglottism is less impressive than someone actually learning one or two languages to a high level.
Gay rights, locally produced food, no large corporations, mostly small business, tight family structures, almost everything they eat is organic   Women and men have similar job outcomes, not like the wage gap in the US or europe.    Face it, the DRC is basically as progressive as any city in the globe. I would say it is more forward leaning than San Francisco, which voted as a state to ban gay marriage less than a decade ago.
Florida's largest county approves citations for marijuana possession as alternative to arrest
That seems like a major oversight to be that short of a common size. I guess it keeps weight down and mpg up..
Yeah for some reason people get wrapped up in psedoscience when it comes to their pet issues. VT/NH have large amounts of gun owners, but much less violence than Chicago. UK has lots of knife crime.   The consequences and rates of death from violence are higher with guns that knives, bur trying to ban guns rather than trying to fix our fraying societies in some urban neighborhoods is simplistic at best.
Not to be an "I told you so", but while OP is in the US I wouldn't drink at all (anymore).   The risk now is too high.   I know people who have gotten kicked out of PhD programs for one relatively minor drunk driving arrest without even an accident, and while OP can probably plea bargain it down or get a diversion sort of program going, any subsequent arrest would be a lot more onerous and OP wonct have any of the first time get out of jail free kind of cards.    I also knew a girl who had to return home because she got caught with pot..
I cashed out a lot of my IRA to support Bernie.   We can do it if we all pitch in.   I quit my job and am going door to door full time now    We are just weeks away from Bernie eclipsing Hillary and leading the polls.    Sanders has already doubled his support, and if he does it again he will be head to head with Clinton. I encourage you to educate yourself on the issues and read his policies.  He is very middle class oriented, and is against free trade (ie, pro middle class).   /r/SandersforPresident   #FeeltheBern
That is a terrible idea.    She is literally the same as bush on every important issue. She is anti gay, and you're being used by voting for her.
Ah yes, why hasn't the senator from kentucky dictated laws for his statek. Hint: he can't. He isn't a state rep/senator.   He has introduced a bunch of bills like you are describing with the cosponsorship of corey booker
I'm sorry that the baby boomers destroyed our coujtry and bankrupted the public college system so they could get tax cuts. Would you like to critque my eating habits more now?
Made this for y'all
Rand Paul (Don't Underestimate this Guy!)
Rand Paul counters GOP's nation-building mindset
First refugees arrive in Spartanburg despite questions raised by Gowdy
Christian school allegedly bans student for being gay
Lindsey Graham Would Support Rand Paul Over Hillary Clinton 'After I Came Out of My Coma'
A Win for Rand Paul: Nevada's Republicans Stick With the Caucus
WASHINGTON: Rand Paul forces NSA to hang up the spying, temporarily
'Hope' Poster Artist Shepard Fairey Says Obama Let Him Down
Hillary Clintons camp is fearful of Bernie Sanders
Bernie Sanders is the 1 percents worst nightmare: How he promises to upend Americas oligarchy
Knowing What We Know Now, Would You Say Jeb Bush is Retarded?