I'm so glad you shared that with me, but I didn't ask for your opinions on the state of the Union. I asked a specific question to a specific group of people. As a Democrat, let me tell you your immediate jump to insulting others before hearing them out is a hypocritical display of intolerance of intolerance and makes us all look bad.
Reddit folks who work for large companies, have you ever seen a customer revolt impact your bottom line?   How did it happen? What was the long term and short term impacts to your company? What if anything did your company do to address the problem(s)?
Absolutely not.
Sauron has regained The One Ring. Can he kill the Incredible Hulk?
This is the most outrageous government tirade against iOS 8 encryption
If it can be demonstrated to have likely prevented any shooting this year, I'll consider your moderate approach. Otherwise all cute freshman year 101 Pavlov name bombs aside, no amount of regulation is going to address the real crisis, an emerging human condition that relies on libido and base desire and anger and violence when reacting to the world, instead of genuine concern for others. Infringing on a right our Supreme court supports as a constitutional one is not only the wrong approach to fix the issues, it's the issue that specifically led to Maryland failing to elect a shoe-in Democrat governor, Colorado to demonstrate effective recalls against Democratic reps. It will lose us the White House. I'm a nonhetero Democrat and I know this as fact.
hell
Carl Sagan actually believed in similar lines of thought. Personally, I view any answer regarding post life that isn't "I do not know" as uneducated warbling. Chest thumping and pissing contests aside, no one knows what happens when we die. They know what might happen, what they want to happen or what they're afraid will happen. That's it.
[Serious] To Redditors who believe they have seen a UFO of possible extraterrestrial origin, what about the experience makes you believe what you saw cannot be explained by modern science/aviation?
I tried Youtube and it didn't work. I spent hours doing a .5 second by .5 second frame analysis of the Star Wars E7 (That's Episode 7 for the neanderthals reading this) trailer specifically to prove to people that the red lightsaber handguard is an absolutely redundant and stupid creation, but I'm pretty sure I used language that is too intelligent because no one watched my video, which obviously means they can't keep up with me. So the short version, Youtube users are just not on my level. I will certainly try the beard.
I wrote Satan in hail. I thought it was hailarious. Apparently the downvoters are thinking "hail no" but I just can't hailp myself. Hail.
Golden Girls Deathmatch: Sophia vs. Dorothy vs. Blanche vs. Rose   The battle is in a city park at sundown. Only one can survive before sunrise or all die. Each contestant is given a bag with a weapon and additional item. Dorothy: Taser and nightvision goggles Blanche: Katana and Tracker displaying general location of other contestants, margin of error 10 feet Rose: 1911 .45 caliber handgun with 2 rounds loaded in magazine and high powered flashlight Sophia: Blowgun with 2 fast acting poison-tipped darts and a camo outfit
V (V for Vendetta) vs. Batman   Batman visits London to help the police kill the terrorist known as 'V'. V targets Batman as an agent for an oppressive government. Only one lives through the night. Who survives?
Completely unarmed/uncostumed Bruce Wayne vs. 100 7 year old girls with sharp pencils   Cage match. Everyone in at the same time. Wayne has nothing, the swarm of girls have writing instruments.
I think mine would involve paying for my Comcast services with a Comcast bank issued credit card that I make monthly payments on with income I make working in a Comcast owned grocery store that I drive to every day in my Comcast sponsored transport pod. On the way to work, I pass the Comcast Public Library, the Comcast Community High School and wave to my friend who is headed to work at the Comcast Water Department. On the radio, I only hear the "latest pop hits" Comcast plays on their menus and between each song I am exposed to 5 minutes of advertising for the lastest "hit reality show" Comcast will be showing that night.  Yes. That sounds like hell to me.
If he is singling out blacks as a group he won't help, it's bad. If he is implying everyone is suffering in the same way and he won't extend customized solutions to specific groups of people, that's actually worse.  How out of touch can a person be to believe everyone in the US are facing the same issues? If he's racist, that's one thing. If he's so clueless he thinks every problem in the US is shared because we're all Americans, that's just insane.
I think I missed something...did this comment actually address what he said, or was it sort of a generic statement thrown out to change the topic in lieu of an actual response? Just want to make sure I didn't miss some credible explanation for this.
Celebrity worship.
Mysterious glitch trade foretold Apples fall
LOL!
Until you collectively start punishing the ISP's that are paying these douche bags, you're not helping anything. You need to hit Comcast and Verizon where it counts. THE WALLET.  "I don't have any other options" you say?  Then you're contributing to the problem.
chemistry.about.com/cs/howthingswork/a/aa011604a.html  "Why the flu vaccine doesn't work"  This is coincidental correlation in OP article. Please stop posting this garbage, it makes those of us who are pro vaccine look like assholes. The flu vaccine is one the least beneficial health tactics ever, and yes I'm counting thalidomide when I say this.  It invokes a false sense of trust that makes people like OP and the thousands who upvoted this article feel "safer" when they receive it, when the science says otherwise. Denying the science behind the ineffectiveness of flu vaccinations is like denying the science behind climate change - you are intentionally skewing data to see things the way you want to see them.
US Doctor Infected With Ebola in Liberia Outbreak
I didn't ask what caused it. I asked how to lessen it. In my former life as a nurse, I saw hundreds of gallons of various fluids thrown away in sealed rubber bags. Bags that are not going to biodegrade in your grandchild's lifetime. This is daily.  My question is, over the course of years, decades, that kind of resource abuse is a zero-sum game.   But a good friend of mine who is a devoted Tea Party member completely agrees with you and said almost your exact argument. I just feel like it fails to touch on the issue of preservation.  We recycle aluminum. We separate plastics at the bin. We take absolutely no steps to preserve water or reintroduce it into our ecosystem, which I feel is a misstep.
Never thought I'd have to break this down for someone, but since you missed something along the line...It's the sound of the word. I hate it. Hope that makes my selection acceptable to you. Do I have your permission to dislike it now?
I'd suggest actually reading what he said instead of making random ominous statements. It's the literal definition of hypocrisy for the United States to object to Russias "intervention" in Crimea. The US government made their bed and they can scream like 2 year olds, claiming the sky is falling, but at the end of the day they have little choice but to sleep in it.
My friend filmed one second of his life each day for one year. This is the result.
I am so impressed with this post. I am flush with envy at the stardom you are exposed to as you lick peoples boots. I would trade anything to be in your position, basking in the dying, faded light of the celebrity of others.
Ben Affleck will be Batman
Google has zero credibility at this point. They can backpedal and try to suddenly appear concerned, but it's too late.  We are the kids that walked into the bedroom and found our mom Google in bed with her hands around the NSA's throbbing shaft. There is no way they can erase those awful images from my mind. Not happening.
pork stool
Yeah, I worked for a government military agency for years and...it was awful. I just pretended. "Yeah guys, can you believe he didn't get that 3 yard down from the field goal line". Then everyone stares, assumes I'm kidding and keeps going.   It's tough lol