Craigslist?
It looks like a toy tractor is laying down a rug over some cement.
Watch asmr hand massages.
I'm sorry this happened :-/
Fall in love   have a family.
*also applies for smoking.
One in the pink and two in the hole?
Good for you! :-)
Ahaha that was perfect
The six letter F-word.
Dude. Break dancing goblins in 1901.
Perfection.
Lost my keys once and found them in my underwear drawer. Also have a bad habit  of switching up the milk   sugar.. Sugar in the fridge, and milk on top of the stove.
This article brought me back to dark moments in my Early Irish Literature class. Now all I'm gonna think about is Cu Chulain, shitty cows, and honor price. Thanks a lot, OP!
The art alone is reason enough to get it. I wasn't too crazy about the game myself, but it's impossible for Studio Ghibli to NOT leave you awed. So do it. Plus, it's like Pokemon. So yeah.
You know most of your problems, and you know how to fix them. Get your shit together and do something about it. If you're on the road a lot, pack your own healthy meals ahead of time. Work out. And about the social thing? You are being too analytical and need to cut back because you can't go through life judging people. Good luck, man.
SO that's where all of Mexico's money is going..
Dude you look great!
FFX- Besido island
Do the following: 1. Throw away that thong in a trashcan you'll never be able to rummage through later. 2.  Get rid of those pictures! It'll be tough, but you need to do it for yourself and your wife + your friend. 3. See a therapist or counselor about this. 4. Take a mini vacation with your wife and rediscover sexy time. Kink it up or do something new. Edit: after the baby.
Let's consult with Buddha and Allah.
Nothing says "hood life" like ice cream.
Skyrim and Life is Beautiful. Gotta kill me some Nazis while maintaining a generally optimistic attitude about shit gone wrong.
Nature produces many instruments of creativity.
My grandfather has Alzheimer's and sometimes I have to take care of him. I am 22 and my 76 year old Grandpop makes me so scarred to grow up, get old, and totally become a baby again. Helping him get undressed, eat, or even to get him outta bed is like having a gray-haired toddler who thinks he's the boss. Gotta love him, though!  Sometimes, I get these scary visions of when my mom, future SO, or even myself will get like this and it just reminds me how scary time is.
A huge blown up picture of Jesus glued to the ceiling.
All the cool kids do it.
Cookie dough.
Shards of glass sounds more appealing.
-slow clap-
Cold hot-water bottles.
~~the princess~~ ~~A NEW CASTLE~~ home insurance