You're missing my point -- the private security agents could do whatever they wanted.    At least now they're somewhat accountable.  However I don't think a machete would've been allowed pre-9/11.  I flew from San Diego to DC in the 70's and I remember I took a clock radio with me.  They made me plug it in at the gate to make sure it worked.  I was perhaps a 12 year old boy.   I live in DC now.  I hate the security theater.  Coming back from a Nationals game last month, there were all these DHS paramilitary police in black in the Metro.  WTF?!!!  But better them than the Argenbright Security Barney Fifes.
The trick is to look in the East Village, i.e., east of Wisconsin Ave. and north of M St.  The rentals in the West Village get snapped up by wealthy GU students.  This works in your favor.  I know a neighbor who had to go overseas for a year and rented his house for $1800.  This was maybe four years ago.    I know a property that's had a rental sign on it for a few months.  28th   P.  Not an apartment house so no gym or pool, but there're plenty of those around.  I'll jot down the number and PM you tomorrow evening.    When are you coming to town?
Well this is in a [Serious] post so I didn't think to, but even when in the wild, if it's a good story, I keep reading just in case the monster from the Pleistocene era shows up.  I love it when he does.
Heck I'm happy about this!!!
I'm amazed the co-host chimed in with the Bo Derek point that spontaneously.  I saw that movie as a teen and still have fond memories of this look:  https://bloggojane.files.wordpress.com/2014/03/bo-derek-nude-bathing-suit-10-1979.jpg  I thought the modern world had forgotten about 10.  It's a great film!
Here's the DC Metro.  I couldn't break it out from the site, but press start and you'll see it develop from 1976 until now not unlike Shanghai's.  http://greatergreaterwashington.org/post/14214/evolution-of-metrorail-animation-now-with-rush-plus/  Frame of reference: keep your eye on Metro Center, which remains the heart of the system.  It's three blocks east of the White House.  This animation also stops too early.  There's now a Silver Line going into Northern Virginia.
Jesus.  I just went through his comment history and it brings to mind that poor whale in the Pacific whose whale calls can't be heard by other whales.
I don't sadly.  Did she ever meet Erhard?  From my POV as a teenager in the 70's, I thought the adults were going insane.    But anytime I'd see an EST type on TV, the females sounded like that, while the males weren't too different from modern self-help types.   For my mini-generation, I think that's remarkable as normally it's the adults thinking the teenagers were going insane.  There was a terrific movie where a real-life EST girl coralled a director.  It's on the tip of my tongue.    Anyhow, that movement was weird.  I hear Erhard has vanished.  What did your mom do with them?
I just googled the bejesus out of this picture.  Despite being a wikicommons pic, it's not used in any wiki article.  The official USN description says the gunner was "thrown clear" though.
Ah, LinkedIn.  What a resource!  You must be more professional than most mags.  I've always wondered what would happen if a magazine just created a /r/nameofmymagazine and simply posted its articles there to use reddit as a free comments section.   Unless of course you pay for subscriptions, which if you're a LinkedIn vet, you do.  Maybe a best of series of postings?    followers from Facebook are all in places that are behind the european circuit on technology.  What does that mean?
This was post-Reagan I thought.  They'd already migrated to the GOP at that point.  Things like this happen.  In Virginia, we had George Allen running for the Senate against Jim Webb, who was regarded as having zero chance of winning and was there simply so the race wouldn't be uncontested.  Allen made a huge goof -- the macaca comment -- and suddenly everybody remembered that he was a moron.  Webb won.  Webb's also now running against Hilary Clinton.
I gave up on after the Governor horsepoop, but came back to it this past season with Alexandria and whatnot.  I'm glad I did.    Wikipedia has surprisingly good recaps, so I was able to fill in the blanks.  I don't think I missed much.
Where the heck did this storm come from?  Normally we get clobbered like this in the hours immediately following sunset.  I don't remember a non-hurricane storm in the middle of the night like this.
I was in my garden and watching the radar loops on the Post so I knew full well it was coming.  When it hit, I dived back into the kitchen and kind of had caveman-level terror.  I have never heard the tree canopy make that kind of sound, not even in a hurricane.    Anyhow, I never get tired of that Jefferson Memorial video linked in the article.
Breaking Bad, easily.  I watched the pilot as it first aired.  It had been getting favorable pre-reviews across the board.  I have DirecTV so it wasn't even in HD at the time, which might have made WW's tightie whities a little easier to take.  Had I seen them in HD I might've bailed.  2nd choice would be Buffy.  I fudge on the rules a little though: the first ep I saw is what turned out to be the S1 finale, however, S1 was a half-season.  They re-ran that half season in order over the summer, I watched or VCR'd each ep and then launched into S2 without missing a beat.  I plead forgiveness for fudging as this was the late 90's.
I wuz just trying to say he wearing exactly what a white guy collegiate player would wear unless he didn't bite on the elaborate fashion-forward/fashion-disaster route.  If he'd come from a preppy school and been selected by the Jazz especially.    He needed his persona to be credible, nailed it, and funzies began.
Good.  Good.  Let the purr flow through you.  All kidding aside, get thee to a shelter.  I was a rookie cat owner when I got adopted, but my gf at the time had cats and coached me.  PM me if you need advice/how-to's.  Also consider getting two.
I live in Washington DC.  Only recently -- maybe the past two years -- were the liquor stores allowed to be open on Sundays.  We could get wine and beer from the small grocery stores throughout the city.
Many thanks!  I was standing in the main viewing stand with the official countdown timer just in front of me.  I remember that just after they announced the abort, the heatwave from the main engines hit me and lifted the cuffs of my pants.    I can only imagine what the full launch would've done.   Earlier that year, maybe even late '84, I happened to be in a parking lot in Santa Barbara waiting for a bus shuttle to LA when two sonic booms startled me.    Yup, a shuttle landing at Vandenburg.  I had no idea what the sound was until I got home.  It sounded like a pair of surround sound shotgun blasts, but catching you more in the chest.
*insight  I didn't know it existed.  I grew up in the 70's so if there's any detail you need, I was there.    Did they report on the Schwinn banana seat bicycle?  That was the defining thing to own for my generation as boys.  Typically though I find these retrospectives are done knowing now what happened and filtered accordingly.    Jerry Ford's handling of the Pueblo Crisis is a footnote now, but I remember it got my attention.  We'd just gotten out of Vietnam and suddenly North Korea wanted to mess with us.  We really didn't need that.
The problem with international law is that it's an awfully amorphous field.  I know a lawyer who is always flying around the world doing negotiations and making deals, but not as an international lawyer but an expert in US medical devices.    When I think of international lawyers, I think of State Department or USAID people.  Those are great jobs to have btw.
Go down to Half Street and get your car inspected.  It's a much easier process than it used to be -- I've sailed through the past couple of years.   Contest the ticket online.  I'd say you have a 90% chance of them waiving the ticket.
Ah he wasn't a draft dodger by any stretch.  He was 34 when Pearl Harbor was bombed.  That being said, he didn't exert himself to serve.  I have read that the WWII vets resented him for all of his war movies.  From wiki:  America's entry into World War II resulted in a deluge of support for the war effort from all sectors of society, and Hollywood was no exception. Wayne was exempted from service due to his age (34 at the time of Pearl Harbor) and family status, classified as 3-A (family deferment). He repeatedly wrote John Ford saying he wanted to enlist, on one occasion inquiring whether he could get into Ford's military unit, but consistently kept postponing it until after "he finished just one or two pictures".[4]:212 Wayne did not attempt to prevent his reclassification as 1-A (draft eligible), but Republic Studios was emphatically resistant to losing him; Herbert J. Yates, President of Republic, threatened Wayne with a lawsuit if he walked away from his contract,[4]:220 and Republic Pictures intervened in the Selective Service process, requesting Wayne's further deferment.[4]:213  Wayne toured U.S. bases and hospitals in the South Pacific for three months in 1943 and 1944.[4]:253 with the USO[27][28][29] By many accounts, Wayne's failure to serve in the military was the most painful experience of his life.[4]:212 His widow later suggested that his patriotism in later decades sprang from guilt, writing: "He would become a 'superpatriot' for the rest of his life trying to atone for staying home."[30]  U.S. National Archives records indicate that Wayne had, in fact, made an application [31] to serve in the OSS, today's equivalent of the CIA, and had been accepted within the U.S. Army's allotted billet to the OSS. William Donovan, OSS Commander, wrote Wayne a letter informing him of his acceptance in to the Field Photographic Unit, but the letter went to his estranged wife Josephine's home. She never told him about it.[32] Donovan also issued an OSS Certificate of Service to Wayne.[33]
Bored? The Guardian did a series of reports on the "50 stunning Olympic moments" each with its own dedicated, in-depth article. This is amazing. Not clickbait-y, either -- no. 1 is the '72 basketball gold medal game.
How I will handle Halloween next year
Hell in the Hot Zone: a Vanity Fair long-form article on how the Ebola outbreak was first detected and the initial countermeasures
The Sydney Morning Herald profile of investigator Alexander Hug, the big guy in the black bulletproof vest seen opening the refrigerated railroad cars.
Katie Ledecky just broke her own world record in the 1,500 meters by two seconds
The Saudi MERS response was hobbled by institutional failings and underreported the number of cases. (The Hajj starts Oct. 2, btw.)
Oscar Pistorius trial: The defense opens its case and is live-blogged by The Guardian. He's on the stand right now!
Enough of the Sotnikova/Queen Yuna dispute! Let's revisit the latent Cold War judging of '94 Lillehammer Baiul/Kerrigan controversy in which a former East German judge nudged the decision in favor of the Soviet Bloc almost without leaving fingerprints. Plus, it gets interesting again at 5:31.
Ashley Wagner named to Olympic team after fourth-place finish at U.S. championships; Mirai Nagasu bounced. Gracie Gold's #1   15-year-old Polina Edmunds is #2.