Oh man...I found a picture of it on the photographer's website. It's even worse than I remembered. She even put his shoes back on for him and tied them.
My mom used to be Seventh Day Adventist. They're kind of like the Jews for Jesus people, right? She eventually switched to just being a Jew.
Yes.
I thought so, but I really know nothing about any of that.
The beautiful Westcave Preserve in Dripping Springs near Austin, TX
Mannequin sitting outside a shop in La Alberca, Spain
I'm a cold-hearted bitch who rarely cries at anything, but the one movie that gets me *every single fucking time* is Awakenings. When the patients revert back to their catatonic states, I lose it.
Went to a wedding of an extremely religious couple. About halfway through the ceremony, the bride starts washing her husband's feet like Jesus did for the disciples. I have no idea what it had to do with getting married, but it was very uncomfortable watching a woman bent down scrubbing her almost-husband's feet in front of a silent crowd.
I'm bi. I'm haven't really come out to anyone, but kind of my mom. My father is extremely homophobic and I'm guessing he isn't okay with bisexuality either.   I'm not planning on coming out to anyone I know unless I get a girlfriend who I'm serious about. I don't know how my friends would react and pretty much my entire family is very conservative. However, when I make new friends I'm pretty open about my sexuality.
Minnesota: Has beautiful lakes and a great place to raise a family (very safe, good schools).  Minnesota: Terribly cold, long winters. And it's boring.
Beautiful pictures! It's sometimes easy to forget how amazing some areas in the US are.
Yeah, I didn't use cassettes as often as VHS. But I definitely had a few cassette tapes. One had a song called "15 Ways to Stay Out of Trouble." It was a fun song.
Still waiting for it as an 18 year old....
My dog, if he counts as an item.
Both. I still have a bunch of Disney movies on VHS. I think teenagers as young as 15/16 would still have had experiences with cassettes and VHS.
Sadly no. Thank you though!
Aw,  shoot!  Really thought it was them for a bit,  but no :(
Unfortunately I tried TOMT already, no luck. Thanks though!
Havanese, actually
I pooped in various places around my school. Got caught.
Captain Phillips. Didn't expect to like it so much.
I solved it myself! Took me a while, but I realized it may not have been a movie. In fact, it was a Muppets special called The Frog Prince. Can't believe it's taken me so long to find this, been searching for like two years.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9YMg6oBFHQ
I would say buy a Kindle. I know I'm supposed to pimp out Nooks but Kindles are so much better. I guess I'm not that worried about Amazon putting us out of business if I'm promoting their product. Eventually, B N will close because it just cannot compete with Amazon. But since this is only a part-time job I don't really care.
I always prefer paperback. Its cheaper and easier to read in bed. There definitely have been books that customers have come in looking for but they're so obscure that it doesn't even come up in the database. I can't think of any books that are banned from B N; I'm pretty sure we do sell State and Revolution, Communist Manifesto, etc. Actually, I think we are against banning books and have had a Banned Books Week where we promoted banned books.
Looked it up and apparently it's only one in Austin. Honestly thought it was a chain.
Swimmin in that minimum wage cash.
We have a shelf of unreleased books that we can take home. I've read a few of them, honestly they haven't been my favorites. A few days ago someone left their payed copy of Flowers for Algernon at the check out counter and I read it during my shift and it was depressing at shit.   So far, my best day at work was my first time working at the Customer Services desk because there was no one there who needed help so I pretty much spent the day hanging out with my friend at the children's section. My managers are super chill so they don't care if we just stand around and talk as long as there are no customers looking for help. So yeah, it would either be that day or this other time when it was storming and we were doing inventory so for the last two hours of my shift there were literally no customers so we went around the store taking pictures with the hand puppets.
Are you as totally fucking psyched to finally leave high school as I am?
A couple week ago a young guy came in reeking of weed and pizza and asked if we had a Raising Farm Animals for Dummies book. We actually had something similar but he ended up just getting a magazine.
I work at Barnes and Noble, AMA   According to the employee handbook, I should add the following disclaimer: The postings on this site are my won and do not represent Barnes and Noble's positions, strategies, or opinions.
I have been hearing this definition of racism all over tumblr, Twitter, etc, as well as people adding that minorities can't be racist but can be prejucided. I have no idea where these definitions of racism are coming from and frankly they seem made up to add on to the victim complex that many people have. I myself am liberal and a feminist and all that shit, but this stuff really infuriates me, especially since if you challenge it you're automatically labeled as a racist.
What should I do to get a head start on being a computer science major?   Id like advice from current/past cs majors at UT. I'm going this fall but I'd like to get a head start by learning some things on my own. What are some things you wish you had already known how to do, at least somewhat, before you got to UT so you'd have a head start? Or, what did you already know how to do that gave you a head start? Any advice is much appreciated!