Cast Iron Pizza From Scratch
Relevant Text:    "So as anyone who has watched the Vi champ spotlight may know, Vi was originally intended to be a top laner.   She's got a lot of cool gameplay in top lane with the Q charge up and E cleave but, honestly, she's just too fair up there for too long compared to our current crop of top laners. In the early game she has meaningful mana costs, telegraphed attacks, and massive cooldown windows for her passive and all of her spells (P - 18, Q - 18, E - 14 per charge, R- 150). I actually think top lane Vi could be a pretty awesome experience for both sides of the lane if we did stuff like lower her CD's or buff E's range and mana cost but then jungle Vi would go to crazy town. Could nerf jungle Vi to compensate but then are we screwing over the many Vi mains who prefer her out-of-lane experience? It's a tough call.  All this said, SmashGizmo got diamond last season almost exclusively with top lane Vi. He'd typically play conservative until 6 focusing only on CS and rush an Iceborn Gauntlet for the extended dueling power and mana to offset her high costs. Turns out if a Vi manages to stay even until 6 there is not a single character up there (not even Irelia or Jax) who can beat her in a straight up 1v1. Her burst and sustained damage output is insane when she gets the chance to use it and her late game with top lane items is monstrous for the enemy teams' squishies (or at least it was in season 3, a lot has changed since then)."
And any one of you would do the same exact thing given his situation. Akron Beacon Journal, or ESPN? Please tell me you wouldn't. I don't blame him one bit. If you can forgive LBJ, then you shouldn't hate Windhorst at all.
He was talking about Vi, not Yi.
For some reason your link isn't working for me.
I am for raising the minimum wage, but I don't like this argument either. By raising the cost of the Big Mac $1.28 on top of what it already is, you cannot expect the same amount of people to buy it. Then, you would have to raise the price of other items to compensate even more.
What kind of dog is that?
This might be off topic, but sometimes it is what someone doesn't say that hurts the most. For example, when someone that you care about a lot (and has told you that the feelings are mutual) hurts you in a way that you would not expect from them, a lot of times a simple recognition of the fact that they fucked up would be enough for closure. The lack of this can lead you to question everything leading up to this point, and whether they ever cared about to at all (or enough to avoid hurting your feelings).
My friend was driving coming home from wedding reception. Lost control of truck around bend, clipped a telephone pole (went right through the side of it) and smacked into a tree doing roughly 50-60 MPH. I did not have a seatbelt on and all I can remember thinking was, "Please don't die."   Ended up smashing my face off of the windshield and messing up my arm but overall made it through relatively unharmed. Helped put a lot of things in perspective.
You just put my thoughts into a coherent statement. Actually, after watching this movie, it made me appreciate Batman Begins and The Dark Knight more.
In What Ways Has Movies/TV Influenced How You Would Respond to Certain Situations?    For example, I don't think I could ever pickup a hitchhiker without the fear of being brutally murdered and left for dead on the side of the road. Also, zombies.
Cleveland is not lame.
Downtown is great, but I have lived in Merriman Valley for 3 years in love it. Great bars, close proximity to downtown(5-10 min), state parks, etc. Like somebody else said though, don't live in Timbertop. Try Pheasant Run or Hampton Knoll.
I feel almost exactly the same. Sure there are some things I didn't like about the ending, but that is life. My big thing, which looks to be getting addressed, was the lack of closure. Add in some free DLC for someone who very much likes the multiplayer, and I give Bioware/EA a "thumbs up".  Keep in mind though, I still plan on thoroughly vetting Bioware's next release before I buy. No more preordering every game like I did with DA2 and ME3. To be honest, I still think Dragon Age 2 and EA "pimping out" the Bioware brand gets to me more than ME3 ever did.
Good thing Mass Effect 3 isn't a bad game. This is kinda getting out of hand.
Hoping Against Hope, but Here's a Romance Question for ME3   Can you romance Aria T'Loak?
I am probably the one of the only people who disagrees with this. Definitely a very good story for the second game in a trilogy.
Please tell me there is a 1900x1200 res around here somewhere...
Cool, Thank you! :)
EDIT: I'm a dumbass and can't put shit in the right place
At first I was like, "Ok, this guys must work for some professional sports team and is selling used game socks". Then I was like, "What. The. Fuck." (audibly)   Now, after reading this AMA, What. The. Fuck.    #3232;\_ #3232;
I am going to go against the grain and say Ned Stark would make an amazing King. Ask yourself where we would be today in the world of Westeros if Ned was king instead of Robert. The kingdom would not be in debt, no bastard children, the people would be well taken care of and justice would be handled properly. I also don't see treachery getting as close to Ned as it did Robert, as the latter made increasingly bad decisions over the course of years (as king, and with his wife) to end up in the situation that he was in.
You probably hear this a lot, but Thank You  EDIT: ...and have an upvote
As well as new melee attacks (which look to be class specific). Also weapon mods, more customization under skill trees, smarter AI, and more responsive controls.  Plus, you are also only taking into account the combat we have seen thus far. There also looks to be some pretty cool on-rails combat sequences as well as a much more epic scale to the battles.
[For if the IGN link doesn't work...](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQH3_Fydt-4)
See, it sounds like you're trying to rape them.  Sea: It sounds like you are trying to rape them.
How's about putting the Page # in the title of ADWD spoiler discussions?   Just a thought, but I think it would allow a lot more people to discuss the events of the book without having to worry about accidently running into spoiler events from later on in the book.
It should be noted that you cannot have sex temporarily. I don't see this as such a big issue. The man that you are with is probably going to spend a lot of time with you "working" on your condition, so it's not like any kind of sexual interaction is off the table. Also, the potential payoff should things turn around is pretty high.
Yeah, I just watched it last night. Thought it was a pretty good movie.
I cannot even being to describe how hard that made me laugh....
Was just about to post this until I saw yours.
I disagree with this. I think you overestimate the value of our technological advantage. We are an occupying force in Iraq, where someone can bomb a humvee and then go run over to a mosque and hide. Precision air strikes are basically pointless. Both sides are still shooting bullets at each other.