Not worth it
Hey guys what's a not too expensive street complete? I want to get a board that I can ollie on and learn to do shuvits and whatnot. Are there any solid setups I can get for less than 100?  E: Would this be good?  http://www.tactics.com/tactics/emblem-ii-8125-complete-skateboard/silver-trucks-white-52mm-wheels
Cat.
That's not what's happening here though. The contract didn't say "my son will undergo circumcision," the contract was a custody agreement with a stipulation that gave her ex-husband the power to decide whether or not to get the son circumcised.
I chose songs from auto tuned albums (although did you listen to Never Let Me Down?)but he has plenty of non auto tune as well. Ex: [The Joy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sI0KVUwgE_E), [Through the Wire](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QrJK5owl8PU) (He recorded that with his mouth wired shut after a near fatal car accident), and [Gone](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oc65hFCls8E)
As long as we're speaking of modafinil, I noticed that modafinilcat was added to the reliable vendors list so I went and checked out /r/modafinilcat. For the most part everything seemed like it was on the up and up but I noticed a bit of astroturfing. Since their web design is kind of reminiscent of modup's I thought it seemed kinda fishy.  Specifically these posts (note the OP's post history):  http://www.reddit.com/r/ModafinilCat/comments/2zf682/modafinilcat_is_the_real_deal_18_days_from_order/  http://www.reddit.com/r/ModafinilCat/comments/2yt1zu/8_days_to_australia/  http://www.reddit.com/r/ModafinilCat/comments/2yp9l1/9_days_to_nyc/
Mdma is a weird drug. It's not a stimulant in the same sense that coke and other amphetamines are stimulants. If you're taking real MDMA and you're not taking anything that'll interact with it then it shouldn't feel speedy or edgy or anything like that. You start out feeling a rush but then that sort of goes away and you start "peaking" which makes you feel euphoric and happy. The come down can be kind of rough but that can be mitigated with various vitamins and supplement. A lot of people get an "after glow" ranging from a few days to a few weeks that can make you feel happier and more empathetic.
It's the whole set up. Bullet B137 trucks, road rider 68mm 78a wheels, and I want to say a 1/4" riser pad. I definitely prefer the santa cruz. It's way more carvey. My biggest quam with the tugboat is that the kicktail takes up like a quarter of board so if you want to shift your weight during a long ride you need to be sure your foot isn't behind the rear truck. I will say that the trucks that came with the SC weren't that great and I switched them out for some reds.
Chronysim are a huge part of life. Lose that lottery and you're screwed.  *Cronyism isn't part of some lottery. Networking is just as important as school itself. If you're running some fortune 500 company are you going to hire the guy that looks slightly better on paper or are you going to hire the guy that looks good on paper AND that you know personally and can trust? People like you are part of the problem in this country. You didn't get ahead because you didn't play the game and now you're complaining that life is unfair because you weren't automatically rewarded for being average.
I've been to Hawaii a few times. You can get around the perimeter of the islands via bus usually but if you want to go anywhere specific you'll need a car. A good deal of Hawaii is still jungle so they don't really need to send buses everywhere. That said, I don't believe that there's any island-island public transpo so save some cash for a ferry if you think you'll want to go to other islands.
Eh it's not even worth it. You need a LOT of this stuff to make even one shot of vodka. Like each packet is equivalent to a single shot.
It doesn't turn at all. It's completely stuck. I've put about as much force into it as I can and it won't budge
Colorado?
I'm just going to copy and paste a response I used for another comment.  The problem is that he didn't just leak information regarding NSA spying on US citizens. If he did he might have a defense. He fucked up in a real bad way when he leaked information regarding US spying on foreign nations, which is legal under US law. Any "civil disobedience" defense he might have had went right out the window when he did that. When you expose classified info of surveillance programs designed to gather information about terrorists and hostile nations then you are, by the very definition of the word, a traitor.
Those are the definitions that have existed since the laws are written. Regardless of how you feel about Snowden, he did break the law. The criminal justice system in the United States is not based on the court of public opinion, nor should it be. Tell me, if you truly believe that he should be found innocent, what should his defense be? You can't say that he didn't do it. You can't say that he deserves an exception to the law. What is the reasoning behind your idea that he simply shouldn't be punished?
I feel sorry for him to actually. He doesn't know anyone so he has nobody to live with next year. But honestly, I think he just needs to take a year off and grow up a bit more before he wastes his parents money on another failed year.
People do amazing things in real life. They climb mountains that can kill you. They surf waves that are taller than some houses. They jump out of planes and fight wars. And believe it or not, some of them make enough money that to them dropping a grand is akin to you or me buying a friend a sandwich. The point I'm making here, is that you would be much less skeptical of things other people do if you weren't on reddit so much that you're using subreddits as hashtags.
Considering a transfer to IU. Can you guys help me out with some questions?   So I'm currently a freshman at a CC in California and I love it but I'm not sure I want to wait another year before I can transfer into a University. I was looking up good econ schools and I noticed that IU has a pretty good econ program and doesn't require 60 credits before you can transfer so now I'm interested.  1) What is the party scene like? I live near the UC Santa Barbara campus so I can basically rage whenever I want and the alcohol is plentiful. Do you need to go greek to go to good parties? Do people ever just kickback and smoke weed?  2) If I decide to go greek is it hard to get into a top frat or are they pretty welcoming? I've got a lot of friends here that are Betas and ATOs and most of my friends from back home are Lambda Chis, idk if that would help me get into those frats but I've got that connection.  3) Is housing expensive? I'm currently paying $650 a month for a shared room in a 5 bedroom house so lower housing costs would definitely be a plus.  4) Is the econ program significantly more difficult to get into than the school itself?   Thanks!  Edit:  Also the campus looks pretty big, how do people get around? Most people skate here but my guess is that you can't do that in the winter.
Oh shit I just woke up after falling asleep maybe 30 min after I posted this. Hopefully I can elaborate a bit better now and you guys can maybe tell if this is a normal reaction. So I took a hit of a bowl loaded with weed and tobacco. Almost immediately I felt like I was going to throw up. I managed to walk back to my room and then the room started spinning. My whole body felt super tickly and numb. I also couldn't stop putting my tounge to the roof of my mouth and my teeth were clenched and it felt like I had stomach acid on the back of my throat.
That's it! Thanks!
[TOMT][Brand of jerky] So I had damn near some of the best jerky of my life a while ago. At the time I took a pic of the back of the package because it was funny, but I can't remember the brand.   This is all I got. I think it may have been turkey jerky but I'm not sure.   http://i.imgur.com/UXJEdjfh.jpg
You seem like an asshole tbh. I'm stating facts. Theres IS NO WAY for me to track my calories. They rarely postca complete ingredients list for the meals they prepare in the dining commons. I have not weighed myself because i don't know where to find a scale around here. I'm not sure what point you're trying to make with your response.
There are only 12 US states where they have to be 18 before it's legal for an adult to have sex with them. In the other 38 it's either 16 or 17. This is not some terrible crime that's only legal in the hick country. In most states the only thing wrong here is a lack of professionalism.   http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ages_of_consent_in_North_America
It has as much to do with the attractiveness of the perpetrators as it does the gender. If these women were hags it'd say race. If it were some bradley cooper looking motherfucker it'd say sex. Honestly though, what heterosexual sixteen year old male would turn down a three way with these two?  http://tribwgno.files.wordpress.com/2014/10/destrehan-high-with-both-teachers-2.jpg?w=840 h=441
Jen selter
Bikini
How would a '72 Norton Commander 750 fair as a first bike?   I found one for 3k and I'm tempted to pull the trigger. Would it be too powerful or too unreliable or anything like that? Im 5'9, 230 lbs, riding experience is limited to the MSF course.   Side note, most if the bikes I'm looking at are 70's/80's motorcycles, primarily British and Japanese, are old bikes just a bad idea in terms of reliability and safety?
TIL that soaking the leaves, branches, and flowers of a marijuana plant in alcohol will make a THC infused alcoholic beverage called Green Dragon.
I just finished watching the documentary "Where Soldiers Come From"   It is one of the best war documentaries that I have ever seen. It's as powerful as Restrepo. The premise is that a tight knit group of childhood friends enlist in the National Guard together. They are deployed to Afghanistan in 2008. The movie starts with them preparing for their deployment, but by far the most powerful part is that they interview the family members as well as the soldiers during their deployment. Finally, it follows their transition back into society and their struggle with PTSD. It'll make you want to cry, it'll make you want to laugh, and it'll make you angry.
A chainsaw and weed wacker work after being buried in the Hawaiian jungle for a year and a half. (Skip to end if you just want to see the power tools, watch whole video for funny context and commentary) [semi-NSFW for language]
[TOMT] Reddit post. A redditor was describing how when he was a kid he was playing in a sand box and saw some sort of triangular UFO flying (floating?) down a residential street.   I think it may have been a reply to a Q on AskReddit. I also think it may have hit the front page. He later edited in a drawingof it that he made when he was a kid. I'm pretty sure he was located in Colorado at the time and his story was confirmed by another Redditor who saw the same thing and also lived in Colorado.
We need a Kate Upton AMA!   The boys over at /r/IAMA weren't too receptive to the idea, but if someone wants to get the ball rolling on this that'd be cool!   My questions:   1. Was it weird telling your parents that you were going to be in SI swimsuit?  2. Do you plan to continue modeling swimwear?  3. What has changed since you became famous that most people wouldn't expect to?  4. How do you react when guys on the street try to ask you out?  5. Is there any competition between the SI swimsuit models?   Contact:   Website: kateupton.com   Twitter: https://twitter.com/KateUpton