If that were too happen. Wouldn't the middle class substantially?
Something off about the mailbox at my kid's daycare....
Good points.  But can you answer my questions?  Thx
I'd love to have a psychoanalysis done on some of these billionares. Some deep shit are hiding in those closets.
I actually think he does believe it
Nsfw. http://i.imgur.com/SkhTK.jpg
And STAT if it goes through
I agree. At least it seems he won't be an every down bsck by splitting it with miller. Save him on wear and tear
Mcbob Ennis Chalmers  Anderson? Beas? Top 10 pick?
Good story. But it could have quickly turned into a TIFU by getting a lesbian  pregnant lol
Not doubtful enough....Wallace to vikings
Well done
This stuff happens. It's called growing Pains. Without these lessons we can't learn.  They have to happen to weed out the bad players and groom the upcoming good ones. This is a professional basketball team. That means that there are other teams just as hungry as we are that have gone through the same thing and are finally making it to the top  (hawks, grizz, warriors, etc). It takes years to make it,  some teams don't even make it.  Let's appreciate we at least have a classy organization that prides itself on winning and resiliency. We were a 15 win season not to long ago then won a couple titles afterwards. Our job is to support our team despite the record.  Period.
Ennis looks like he needs to go back to the D League for a little bit.
Funny when the announcer said the Lakers are 4-0 when Kobe passes the ball
Perfect reply
So blame Florida
-You need health care or you will die.   -But I don't make enough money to pay that monthly premium or let alone come up with the money for that insane deductible.  -fine, I'll just fine you every year until you sign up and start coming up with money you don't have which I created out of thin air.
Loudspeaker: code gray.... Not my patient.... I have to go.
Preach
Decreased purchasing power + increased inflation = Us right now
Good luck!
"Sorry it was accident... But since you're here can you please ________" (everyone fill in the blank)
Lmao
MRW I finally get to eat and my phone rings
Gaza death toll
Now brasil has to deal with not only the fact that they were humiliated, but FIFA made away with millions of their tax dollars. Smh
At the rate parents take pics of their kids and post on Fb. Then in their teens with selfies and such. Then when they're older the whole process repeats itself when they have kids. Not to mention they will be old and tech savvy.
Take all the legal advice everyone is recommending. A lawyer is a must here. From a father's POV, if that IS your kid, then man up quick and take responsibility. The kid is going to NEED a father in their life who is there for them REGARDLESS of what adult problems happened along the way. It's going to be ok man. Whatever happens, have integrity, take responsibility, and keep your chin up. Judging from what you have already posted, you seem to head strong.
So they block a bill that would help veterans because they want to stir up some shit that could potentially send kids to war again. Hmmmmmm...  Not enough blood?
WTF in the Middle East?!
I took a mysticism class in college and my professor made us read the Tao of Pooh. Simple read. I concluded that life really is that easy and our perception of life is one of the most (if not the most) important things. Also as a bonus, we are here to learn and have fun.