Fuck you traitor.   :)
Yes.
David Hicks asks John Howard a question on Q A
thanks!
Have you read up on him? He's an amazing guy. He used the money from The League to set up a production company that makes micro-budget films like The One I Love and Safety Not Guaranteed.
Newbie question about the behringer USB502.   I have a BEHRINGER Podcastudio which I bought online. I've just realised it is a Japanese model which is 100 volts. Details here: http://m.imgur.com/CTxVzIf   I live in Australia which is 240 volts.  Can I get by with a power adapter? Or do I need to use my step down transformer?  Can I buy a new BEHRINGER transformer to solve the problem? Or is the unit itself wired differently?  Thanks in advance for the advice and sorry for the newbie questions.
That sucks. When I was teenager, my hair was a big part of my identity and, as I slowly lose it, I feel a real loss of control over my body. It's not vanity, it's just a sense you can't make decision about how you look.  I can't imagine what it feels likes at your age.  If you've still got eyebrows etc. I would consider growing a beard. All my female friends agree that that look is fucking hot.   If that's not an option, I'd look a various hat options but I would try and avoid making it look like you're trying to hide it.   Depending on your head shape, have a look at glasses as an option to break up your face.
I never said the movie wasn't any good! It always though it was a brilliant piece of satire.  I'm sure the redpill and MRA douchnozzles are trying their darnedest to find some sense of male identity. But, like so many douchenozzles before them they are doing so by creating an imaginary enemy.   In my day, you just jerked off and played Doom until three in the morning. But these pricks, that's some tyler durden level delusion.   EDIT: Never mind. Had a look at your profile. I didn't realise how deep down the rabbit hole you were. I hope you find some peace in the world and work through your problems without hurting too many people along the way. All best.
As a part of building my brand I'm keen to build my indentity as an authority. By creating a website with strong content, I'll get more people knowing who I am and what I do. They'll also link to my content and help my SEO.  The same goes for Social Media. A lot of my customers know me from social media interactions. I'd like the site to feed the social media and visa versa.  People find the site via a) seeing  me at gigs and in the media and b) links to content on social media c) googling my keywords.  I'm pretty good at SEO. I got my crappy old WIX site to number three on google from the seventh page in six weeks.
Motherfucking Sleepaway Camp  After 90 minutes of ho-hom schlock everything gets flipped on it's head. Someone could write a PhD on the sexual politics of those last few minutes.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded v=rIDM6wqUiuM
I found this very interesting. Thank you for sharing. Woogedy.
Great film! Very true to the original story and an absolute mindfuck.   The low budget is obvious on occasion but that's a quibble.
That's right! I'll just walk over to the ticket machine here on the tram...oh it's gone. That's OK, I'll just get one at the next stop...not there either.   If someone lives nowhere near a 7/11 or a train station, they can not use public transport.   And even if you carry a fully topped up card with you at all times, the machines STILL will often not scan properly and, unless you go to extraordinary measures, you have no way to prove it.  http://www.theage.com.au/victoria/court-in-the-act--how-commuters-are-defeating-myki-fines-20140930-10nz6z.html
I'm running a fundraiser for Asylum Seeker Resource Centre in December. Does anyone know any good places to promote it?   I'm a bit stumped for places to promote these gigs I'm helping run from 2-6 June. I've hit up all the university groups and done the usual poster runs but I'm sure there are people out there who'd be keen to come along.  I'm used to having SOME budget to plug these events. Any ideas?  The event info is here: https://www.facebook.com/events/305932406277841/
With a lot of music, the words themselves don't require literal meaning. Instead it's how they *sound* that gives the song meaning or emotion.  A lot of hip hop is best compared to nonsense verse like Edward Lear and Lewis Carroll or even the experimental works of James Joyce. "  All mimsy were the borogoves / and the mome raths outgrabe." in Jabberwocky doesn't make a lot of sense but sounds great just like "scooby snack jurassic plastic gas booby trap" doesn't mean a damn thing when Ghostface Killah raps it.  In hop hop, the focus is often on the rhythm and lyricism of the words, not what they are saying. I would imagine the trend comes from freestyle rap where in order to keep up with the beat, the rapper drops in nonsense words or words that make no sense in that context.  TL;DR - "The sound of the words is more important than the meaning" said the whitest man ever.
I figured out the the big difference between Australian and American coffee, aside from the style, was the strength. Often, I'd dismiss coffee as being bad when, in reality, it was just week.   My favourite coffee experience of the trip was at service station half way between LA and Vegas where they had 10 different pots of coffee on the boil, twelve different syrups, six different types of "milk", four types of sweetener and a selection of whipped creams, sprinkles, chocolate etc.   It summed up the American experience for me. It's a country founded on choice, where they'd rather have a thousand terrible choices than two or three good ones.
Alcohol and Science this friday night...
I was actually there with my ten month old.   I was going to stick her in the photo too but then I remember I'm not really the kind of guy who whores out his daughter for karma.
Preston.
This is my thing, if anyone spots them in Melbourne, send me an email at info@conman.com.au   EDIT: blatant plug: goodreads.com/book/show/22404984-chasing-the-ace
Perhaps if you are a wild animal or a human long ago.  The beauty of human's evolution of the past few thousand years is we have grown to appreciate intelligence OVER base aggression.   It is why people, as well as physical attraction, also look for wit and intelligence. The ability to rape is not really something either men or women look for much anymore.  Probably best to remove it from the 'special skills' of your OK cupid profile.
Toby breaks my heart.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-5OABcNfX0
That's it! Thank you so much!
Very Bad Things filled me with a sense of murderous rage. Just awful. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ObsivKt_XzA
Waiting For Godot?
I'd suggest re-reading what you just wrote and having another stab at it. You might have a point in there somewhere but your sentences make little sense.  EDIT: Your/you're dammit.
So that's why this will never be made...  http://images.amcnetworks.com/ifc.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/patt-star-wars2.jpg
God yes! And, when you think about it  [](#s "you realise that there is no real threat and that only real villain is the now helpless old woman who dies half way through the film! ")
I'm one of the organisers of the Melbourne Magic Festival. AMAA   A few people have bought up the Melbourne Magic Festival in the past few days so, as one of the organisers, I thought I'd start a one-stop thread for people to ask questions, make requests and post Arrested Development quotes.  The festivals runs from 1-13 July at Northcote Town Hall.  http://melbournemagicfestival.com/
Don't cancel Today Tonight and make me the new host...
Free Comedy. Must hate Today Tonight.    FREE COMEDY and AMA.  In October, I'm premiring a brand spanking new show at Melbourne Fringe.  It's a stand up comedy show about the time I appeared on Today Tonight, meeting Naomi Robson and getting screwed over by the show.   It's called 'Today Tonight, Tomorrow the World'  I'm having a test run of the show on 28 August at The Brunswick Green and I'd really like to get some complete strangers along to laugh at my jokes or throw puppies if you hate it. (please don't throw puppies. It's not their fault I'm not funny)  https://www.facebook.com/events/412320292137593/  If anyone has any other ideas on how to get some people along to check out some free comedy, let me know.  Thanks.   PS - You don't HAVE to hate Today Tonight but it helps.  PPS - Ask me anything about myself, Today Tonight or comedy.  EDIT - I've had 50 people email me at info@conman.com.au to book a seat. However, you might still get a seat if you just show up on the night.  EDIT - If you miss out on the preview, here is the Melbourne Fringe link. http://www.melbournefringe.com.au/fringe-festival/show/today-tonight-tomorrow-the-world/