"Seeing Purple" FNaF Creepypasta (PART 10)
I guess so.
"Assimilation" The Thing Fan Fiction [horror narration]
"The Other Gods" by H.P. Lovecraft [audiobook] [horror] [male] [stereo]
Don't write off the possibility of demonic involvement. I remember experiencing this multiple times, having a feeling of another presence within the room, and only alleviating when I called upon the name of Jesus. It also would happen right when I started feeling courageous about my faith and considered stepping out further than my comfort zone. I know /r/christianity likes to take the more naturalistic approach to most topics like this and psych related topics, but remember, we battle against not flesh and blood, but the principalities of spiritual darkness. So, never discount the presence of Lucifer and his minions and look to Jesus in prayer and humility, as his authority is above all - and we are His children. Fear Not.
Friend, you have no idea what has occurred outside the narrative that the media has published to you. Your prayers should be directed towards the individuals that have wrongfully accused this man and that God have mercy on an innocent man. I advise you the only government that should reign truth into your heart is the Lord and His kingdom. All governments and their contrived perspectives of "their people" are simply and undoubtedly under the hand of the Prince of all Lies, Lucifer.
"Seeing Purple" Five Nights at Freddy's (Creepypasta) - Part 5
What do you think happened to the skiers on that mysterious day? Avalanche, aliens, or governmental cover up have been only a few of the theories surrounding this infamous case.
It's so weird watching people getting and feeling threatened/angry about a competitive *GAME*, that they created. It's like me creating a trend where I hang pig intestines on the side of my house as a "sign of dominance" and now everyone must have the best pig intestines on the sides of their houses and Jane Jackson kills Betty Fooktaker because she said her intestines are of the amateur variety...
Gosh dang it Porkins...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BpaRouocBes t=2m0s
Come-on-a-Yayy-HAA!!
"Pasta Noir: Dames, Slugs and the Hatchetman" (Creepypasta Cop Noir)
"The Star"a luminous object has erupted into the Solar System with Earth in its catastrophic trajectory [H.G. Wells]   Link to audiostory: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4R3G-P4WZ0   Being credited with having created a science fiction subgenre depicting a planet or star colliding, or near-colliding with Earth, H.G. Wells apocalyptic short story stills hold relevancy in readers imaginations to this day.   What are your thoughts on this Sci-Fi Classic?
"I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream" after the world has been destroyed, an AI traps 5 humans under the Earth to torture them for the remainder of eternity   Link to audiostory - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LFU15ec01iU  Winning a Hugo Award in 1968. "Harlan Ellison wrote 'I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream' in a single night in 1966, making virtually no changes from the first draft. He derived the story's title, as well as inspiration for this story, from a drawing by a friend, William Rotsler." What are your thoughts on this terrifyingly mysterious classic?
"The Sentinel" [scifi][reading][soft spoken][male][stereo] prelude to 2001: Space Odyssey
When is a relationship right?   I met this really fantastic girl a while ago, we immediately hit it off, as she was boisterous, excitable and able to have a conversation without awkwardness or judgement. We're both Christians with a strong understanding of the message of Christ and both work in the same field, so we get to spend some time together pretty frequently. I felt immediately comfortable around her which is really nice.   I've had people within the same circle of friends come up to me in conversation and borderline bug as to why we aren't dating and how she "screams 'my' girlfriend".   The only issue is, I just don't feel the sensation you would when looking at someone physically beautiful, and I fear that makes me superficial. Is it wrong to have all other aspects of a christian relationship line up perfectly, but turn it down because the physical attraction is not?   I've prayed about it for a while, and I would never want to get into something that I'm not at least all on board for, because I'd never want to end up hurting someone. I've read scripture that "beauty is fleeting and charm is deceptive, but a woman who fears the lord is to be held high", but maybe I'm not mature enough in my life right now to fully accept that. I don't know.
Terrible acting in EB Games commerical
Please can we stop? Every day, Reddit. Every day I have to see this same thread start. We get it, we've seen the movie. Take your precious karma and leave. And for the love of CHRIST! Let me just skip ahead and let you know your Pun Thread is terrible, uncreative, and utterly bottom shelf humor. Seeing these threads is worse than seeing 'Cops' on G4tv. Which is gone btw, and most likely will soon happen to Reddit, because of worthless content like this. The pencil art is good btw.
I literally have no idea why ANYBODY posts this guys bullshit. He literally knows nothing. and I mean NOTHING about anything. and He's a fucking idiot. and this isn't even related to CoD, which is a shit series in the first place. Angry Joe makes me angry why somehow, he is successful for being the worlds chubbiest tool. fuck him. thank you.
Akira (Vol. 1 of 38) [Manga Visual Read Through]
Themes of the game aside, it's still a game. When I play max payne or gta, it is just fun to kill people. To play a shooter of any sort and enjoy it, only to knock another shooter for its themes is outright hypocritical. Just because this game "appears" to be deriving meaning or purpose from senseless violence, does not mean that the character couldn't have multiple layers. No matter the outcome, this argument has long been played out on the mainstream media thousands of times and really isn't worth running in circles over. Mental illness or taking violent action is a choice and studies have clearly shown that an artistic form of game media will not abruptly perpetuate those murderous actions. If the game is fun, let it be fun. If it crosses a few boundaries, let it do so with pride. Just don't let your kids play it and we'll all be fine ;)
Audio Log of, "BEN Drowned", the Famous Creepypasta based off Majora's Mask [Intentional][Male][Soft Spoken]
Thank you.
Yeah, you put it in a deep sleep and press your sonar gadget to wake it up when you need it to defend you...also, notice in the trailer there was a particular bat-like appendage that came down and hit the pavement around 2:07. Looks like Godzirra is gonna be fighting something...
I'm just saying, our existence, spiritual, fleshly or otherwise operate along the same patterns and laws as was originally breathed into being. As time has progressed, different vocabulary and interpretations have been generated to explain similar operations. There can only ever be one truth, but the Fallen Ones only purpose until judgement day is to lead mankind in the direction of deception. The theory of aliens, though feasible within an evolutionary view point, does not seem to correlate with the Biblical scripture that we hold as The Creator's Word. The incidences in which "extraterrestrial" and "extra-dimensional" entities have been experienced tend to share many qualities with that of conjuration and demonic activity: The use of channeling, sexual abuse and penetration, as well as modes in which they traverse (in and out of the space-time continuum or otherwise). I am only presenting these things to you that you not fall into confusion should you be alive when this day comes. Keep your eyes to the Heavens and be prepared for the return of our Lord, Jesus Christ - today and tomorrow.
why is that good?
Worthy post indeed! Though, this is an important en devour that we're all embarking on together, it's important to poke fun at the overall reality of the situation.
Meaghan. hmmm, think I know this girl. HIPPA!!!
[British R' funniest](http://images4.fanpop.com/image/photos/14600000/Gif-stephen-fry-14685318-320-240.gif)
[Hmm...](http://imgur.com/Ufbr5ej)
I hate how everything in our society is so hypocritical. Bad things happen everyday, people say fuck and shit and niggerfaggot alike, yet our media will run an entire story about a celebrity or coach who uses profanity as if they opened fire at a god damned navy yard. The News is owned and blatantly retarded, yet all these nursing homes hobos won't stop letting it overflow their grey matter.