Florida parents try to ban children's books set in Iraq and Afghanistan
Abandoned lots in Chicago will soon be a home for shipping containers repurposed to offer permanent shelter to homeless people.
15 Amazing Ideas to Display Your Indoor Plants
Imagine If Our Highways Were Paved in Plastic
She sure attracted a swarm of men out there. It was 1944, so is it safe to guess that they were not used to seeing women with too much skin showing? I'm giving a benefit of the doubt here lol!
I am not so sure if I would be happy with this news. Yes, they can live longer now, but on the other hand, they still have that disease that is slowly weakening their system. I do hope that they can find a cure to finally eliminate this disease.
DIY Painted Mason Jars
You've come a long way, man! I'm sure you'll do best in becoming a father because you've gone through a lot. Congratulations in surviving the worst.
How To Mix And Match Stainless Steel Kitchen Shelves With Your Style
subaquatic water spider nests inform ICD/ITKE research pavilion
This happens come payday! Where did the salary go?
I believe there are some window films with various designs that you can use to cover the lower part of your window, so you can keep your privacy which is available in Purlfrost. As for having more of natural light, you can use mirrors or reflective surfaces in your home decor and place them strategically to fill your home with brightness and natural light. If you put mirrors close to your windows, it will bounce light into your space amplifying natural light, and it will make your windows seem bigger and brighter.
Congratulations, man! Take this experience to enhance your skills and your knowledge. Show respect to everyone you work with, particularly to those lower than you. They'll help you climb up the ladder to your success.
Would definitely want to see this up close. The design seems cold, but seeing something bending the rule of architecture is surely eye catching.
When he demanded his wife bury him with all his money, she did THIS insteadBRILLIANT!   I read this from the Internet, and I know I had to share it. It will make you think of the phrase: You come in this world with nothing and you die with nothing. One man obviously didnt feel this was the case when he asked his wife, When I die, can you bury all of the money with me?.  He wanted her to put it all in the casket with him. Thinking that she would fulfill his last dying wish he thought nothing more of it.  During his working life this man was a real cheapskate, and only spent when he really had to. He saved it all in this little shoe box you can see below.  When he eventually passed away, He was laid out and his wife sat next to her life-long friend. When the ceremony was just about to finish, and the coffin was about to be covered he wife screamed, Wait one second!.  He was stretched out in the casket, the wife was sitting there in black next to their best friend. When they finished the ceremony, just before the undertakers got ready to close the casket, the wife said, Wait a minute! She walked over and placed the shoebox in the casket. Her friend asked her, Surely you werent silly enough to put all that money in there! The women responded, Yeh I had to keep my promise, I am a good Christian, Id never break a promise. The friend said, What! You put every last cent in there with him?! The women responded, No, I counted it all up, put it in my bank account, and wrote him a cheque!
Home Upgrades That Nobody Actually Ever Uses
Vortex Is A Toy Robot That Teaches Kids How To Code
6 New Must-Try Summer Beers
Style the Home of Your Dreams On a Budget You Can Afford
Truffle?
So is it worth it so far?
Farming in the Sky
Ok thanks. Thats good to hear!
This is very promising if only it's not that expensive
Open Call: Dear Architecture
Which architectural structure inspired you to be an architect yourself?
This just tells us that life is more than what we learn in school. Giving up something you love and never regretting your decision is the most noble thing a person can do. Im pretty sure cameron lyle would make a great impact not only to the person he saved but also to alot of people going through the same thing
Toyota's Making Airline Seats That Can Adjust to Any Body Type
interesting cars
There are some things that a computer cant do but i dont think computers are a bad thing it makes  work life easy and it's up to the user on how he would want the computer to work to his advantage
Gaining momentum for spilling additional fluids.
Hopefully no rats will enjoy the tube maze.