Wow thanks :)
Yes. Beef, salt and Pepper ;)
It took about 2h to let the dough rise and half hour for the rest
In my opinion when its sharp enough its less dangerously...
Right
Hope you enjoy my burgers
I made my first gif today - hope you enjoy my burgers
[here is a making of gif :](http://i.imgur.com/wnWLtOt.gifv) http://i.imgur.com/wnWLtOt.gifv
it was my gfs idea to write "from the scratch" ... now i just hate myself :/
They were easy to made and tasted well but took over 2h to make it  (the most of the time you have to wait).
Had to google for sloppy joes, I kind feel pain when I see these 'burgers'.
I guess you got me there...^^
yeah but hey i made the bun !
http://smittenkitchen.com/blog/2009/07/light-brioche-burger-buns/
celsius?! or this strange measurement unit based on a very cold winter in england ? ;)
You're right had to throw it away :/
I made burgers from scratch for the first time today.
It was more or less improvised. But not that complicated at all: cook the sushi rice (add some sugar, rice vinegar, salt) and let it chill. Meanwhile cut all the other ingredients in little cubes and add a egg yolk. Then add the rice, form little balls (if you like put in the middle of some of them a little piece of feta cheese) and roll them in  a mix of flour, starch and sesame und deepfry them until they have a nice colour.
I call these 'Los bollos locos"
Improvised Thai Dinner
Quick Dinner for a summer night
true. dont feel too bad ;)
aprox 1 eggyolk 200g butter
3 h preperationtime
But look how pretty they are !
Six course menu for my girlfriend
parma ham rolls
roastbeef appetizer
smoked fish canaps
thanks, its toast-bacon-egg-cupcakes, canapees with ham and roastbeef topped with Herbed Quark, croissants with different jams, shrimp cocktail with selfmade cocktail sauce and a sandwich with fried egg,ham,roastbeef,bacon, cream cheese, salad  prosecco and an aperol cocktail
well its true it was too much, but i think i could only feed 3 other ppl ;)
birthday breakfast for my girl