LMFAO
my fight coach was getting frustrated with me because i kept thinking i understood the instruction but actually didnt. he got mad at me and said "YOU DONT LISTEN". seemingly small but it really messed with me and i got surprisingly sad
dadbod
HAHA that was genius
Asking for your "prayers" (good vibes, advice, well wishes)   First off, I want to say thank you to all you guys. I've been lurking this subreddit for a while and started posting pretty recently. It's been so helpful to talk to kind and intelligent people, and it's helpful to hear that you guys went through a lot of the same things I'm going through now. Anyway, here it is.   Left my church. I was pretty involved with leadership and all that, so this is actually a pretty big change for me. My entire circle of friends is though this little bubble of christianity, so as i start work and move out of my parents house, this almost feels like a new identity.  but to be honest, it's been very hard to find new friends and i'm kind of going through depression again from feeling so alone. i know the right answer is to go join a gym, volunteer activities, online dating, but its just not that easy and i feel like if im actively TRYING to make friends, it isn't natural and i seem almost desperate to even have friends. but i guess honestly i am pretty desperate.   out of college and graduate school now so there isnt that option.
yeah i think fitness helps a lot. even if you have a plain face, as long as theres nothing glaringly wrong, your best bet is to just have an awesome body. it takes time to build a physique you can be confident in, but with maybe a year of dedication and good eating, id say one year is a very good investment for potentially helping the rest of your life
wait. i must look. totally fell out of the loop/stopped following a while ago
horny as fuck
love it
hey its really great that you're trying to get in better shape, but what exactly do you mean by "fit by that deadline" do you mean losing a certain amount of lbs? running a mile in a certain amount of time? dont look for a quick fix. think about it this way. you're undoing 21 years of unhealthy living, so it's not going to happen in just 3 months.   id say start with running a mile everyday. or if thats too much 1/2 mile. and for food, you dont have to micromanage, but learn about the caloric contents of your food (how many calories, how many grams of fat, carbs, proteins) eat more vegetables, clean lean meats (if your not vegetarian), healthy fats from nuts, avocado or fish, and avoid processed sugar/ refined carbs.  that should be plenty to get started
internet
mike rashid
hilarious
mannnn. haha not your fault dude. onto better things!
LOLLL
wow that is dark
stevia and cinnamon
sex
pregnancy test
COMPLETELY AGREE
mood, self esteem, appearance. i have a naturally pretty large frame. 6'0. even when im not working out and eating pretty little, i drop down to 170 pounds which i think is pretty heavy for someone without much fat or muscle. i feel pretty ashamed if im out playing sports and im not strong or athletic.   also in the working world. when guys wear their dress shirts and tuck. if you got belly or muffin top, or your ass is sticking out of your slacks or your legs arent firm, even the nicest people cant help but treat you a TINY bit different. if you look good, you perform good, you feel good
math
ex machina
burritos
pizza hamburgers hot dogs ice cream cake cookies
first thing reading through that: you're a good writer and it was really cool reading your articulate thoughts. hell is scary, and the whole science vs. religion and how some christians think science is evidence of how detailed god is... idk it just seems like an easy way out. but yeah there are times when i think back to the christian teachings i was raised with. how there are passages like, the enemy will try to deceive you or there will be false gods and stuff like that. but when i try to really look at the world, god just doesnt make sense. every culture had a religion to explain how they came to being.
CPA
cereal
what a stud. props man
whoa this is super interesting. thanks for this
That's cool. I'm sure you're right. Thai fighters that fight on a more international level aren't going to be able to win by standing right there and trading with someone that actually moves around to avoid the shots. I think Buakaw has pretty good movement too. Don't know if its dutch kickboxing, but yeah
watched every game season and post season and have to say i agree. when cp lets blake lead the break, and blake picks it up early and gets to the rim, it's fine, but yeah. when he tries to dribble past the defenders.. no good