I have the same feelings ,I don't see myself dating a cis person anymore because I got so much shit from them that it's hard for me to believe they really understand I'm a guy and aren't just saying what they think I want to hear to have their way.   Doesn't help that I'm a FtM attracted mostly to guys and the worst thing would be them seeing me "as a girl with a weird fad" ( two of my exes did,I only knew after ending the relationship.)  Then,if you and the cis person really match,it might not be the best to pass on the opportunity of a great relationship ! It's a case by case thing,I guess.
Here is mine :  http://vocaroo.com/i/s0hJc6tVQDjx  I've been working on it for a while now so this became a pretty natural voice to me but I don't think I sound like a guy at all,more like a "low voice for a girl",ugh.  Any advice appreciated ! :)
I made one one day. 10 pages long and never have worded things so well in my life. But basically it's me explaining my reasons for such an act,that I noone is responsible but myself with a large spoon of " don't fuck up what you have and don't spit on it you could have ended up like me". And a bit of a love letter.
Well,I'm attracted by people who are somewhat in the middle of the gender spectrum, usually.   I identify as male but I like to present either gender or a mix of the two,just because clothing and make-up is way too fun to limit myself.
This is exactly what I do,but with clothing. Gives me a reason to live for another 5 to 10 business days depending on the website,ha !
It happened to me a few times,was hanging out with friends and felt like I didn't belong here,their happiness made me sadder than I usually am, so I left.
That's a good idea,I thought about having a talk with him about how I'd prefer male pronoms after letting the "coming out" news sink in but casually bringing it up in a " hey it's he/him" manner without making a big deal out of it seems way more natural to me so I'm going to do that. :)  Thanks for the advice !
Damn OP,the last sentence of your post. I feel the same way,I'm a bit younger than you are but I relate entirely.  About your goals.. take small steps and allow yourself to fail sometimes. Every little change will get you closer to what you want.
Actually I think "seemed" really nice and open-minded would have been a better choice of words.
As strange as it seems regarding his current behaviour,he used to be really nice and open-minded before he knew haha
Yeah,you're right,I think this it what I have to do. I gave him a chance to stop being an ass and he blew it so I think that's the only way. Makes me sad still because we've known each other for like four years :/
The things I know would help me are just people showing a bit of care,open-mindedness and understanding. Them actually be there not only when they need something out of me. A world where you don't have to brag about your achievements to feel like you exist but that's a bit too much to ask,maybe.  Is there really nothing you can think of that could help you,too ? :)
So,you could try to spend a some time alone with her,make sure the moment is really nice,conflicts-free and tell her. This is what I did to come out to my own mom,it took mad courage to say the words but I felt so much better afterwards. If she doesn't react very well,I'd recommand you to bring back the subject later but to always be there to answer her interrogations if she has some,sometimes a "not-so-good reaction" is just people failing to understand.  If this is not an option,you might want to write her a letter. Also,remember that you have time to come out,you don't have to rush it. Only do it if you feel fully prepared to do so. :)  Look,if you are in fact a girl and pursuing it would make you happy,go for it without shame ! Life really is too short to do things you don't want to do,pretend and stuff just because of a biological sex. From someone who tried reaaally hard to "be a girl" only to please everyone ( I'm FtM ) and ended up miserable,I mean it. :)
Need advice about how to deal with friends after coming out !   Recently I've came out to some of my closest friends about being transgender ( FTM).  So.. the first friend,had a lovely reaction and said he's supportive. I'm very thankful for this yet he still uses female pronoms to refer to me and I would like to ask him to use the right ones. I don't really know how to do that and I feel a bit guilty to ask him since I don't pass very well. I know it's stupid :/  The second friend *is* the problem. Refers to me as male (...sometimes) but says and does things that make me very uncomfortable,such as " do you really want a dick ?" and laughs,outed me to his boyfriend as well ( who was nice about it,but still,I wish I could have told him myself when ready). Also,I was/am in love with a guy who rejected me,and all he had to say was " this guy rejected you because he must be gay". He said it multiple times,even if I told him how painful it was for me to hear that. He jokingly said I could try with that guy again when I have a dick,aswell.  Because of this one friend,I'm afraid to come out to the rest of the people around me. I can get that it's hard to process for them,but I've always been willing to help them understand. Yet this guy is being a douche and doesn't get it,I've called him out on his bullshit multiple times,no changes. What should I do ?
January - April :   The bad :  - Dropped out from college because the schedule was too fucked up for me to work and well... I need to support myself. - Huge fight with one of my former close friends,now we're enemies. - Started cutting. - Recovered then relapsed into anorexia. The good :  - Started to talk with the boy I've been in love of for years in secret. - Figured I was a transboy,finally came in terms with it and stopped being in denial. - Came out to my parents,both about my gender and my sexual orientation.   May - July  Positive :  - This boy I liked so much for years told me he likes me back.  - Happy. - Not hating my body so much anymore and found some beauty in myself.  - No more self-destructive urges. - Lowest weight in ages. ( not sure if it's really postive,but to me it is.)   Negative :  - Money issues,debts,can't find a job. - Way too violent,way too jealous of my friends. - Fell in love with my eating disorder,started telling myself it's thanks to it that I'm finally "happy".   The end of July to now :  - The boy told me he didn't want to be with me after leading me on for months. - Basically hit rock bottom : back to cutting,back to self-hate,gone crazy. - Lonely as fuck,spending all day in bed,wandering the streets at night completely high. - Falling out with all my friends due to me isolating myself. - Started doing drugs.  Still some positive things :  - Going to a new school in a field I really like. Don't want to go but I'm going to force myself to. - Met a great supportive online friend. - Went to a therapist. It didn't change shit but it was still a big step for me to see someone. - Planning to transition even if I'm not sure I'll ever have the money and strenght to do this all alone.  So yeah basically this is it !
I feel you,I'm pretty sure I would be less depressed and wouldn't have dug myself into a hole of lies if the people around me stopped shoving their nice problems-free lives down my throat.  Anyways,maybe it could help if you told your husband about what's going on ? Without being too hard on his family of course so he doesn't get angry or anything but just to let him know what's up. He might give them a reality check !
That's a cool article ! I only play GTA and Battlefield so I don't have much knowledge about other games tho haha. Glad my advice was useful ! :)
It can be pretty much anything,you can start a blog on like,blogger or wordpress if you feel like writing articles about stuff,there's also tumblr ( which is what I use ) that allows you to reblog pics of whatever things you like or that inspire you and to create your own content. On both you can follow other blogs,interact with other users. It's nice really.
I'm fooling people into thinking I'm leading an happy and fulfilling life everyday,so yeah..you're not alone.  As for advice : did you talk to a professional about your migraines ? Finding a way to get rid of them could be a great relief for you already.
Happy birthday    internet hugs OP !
I understand what you're going through,I've been there. Right now the pain is very strong so the best you can do is anything that would keep your mind off of it. Something that helped me was time going by,I'm not gonna lie and say you won't feel bad anymore,but it will become less frequent,less intense... yeah.   Do you remember some things that helped you go through life before you met her,if any ? Even the smallest thing. :)
I smoke both and it seems to help me. Not in a life-changing way but it gets things going and somehow relieves anxiety !
Yeah I'm doing the same thing,I want to end it everyday but then I think of my family and it's not fair to me to make them suffer just to be relieved.  I keep myself busy and alone, I try to avoid others not to see what my life is missing through them. It's not the healthiest but it's better than nothing,I guess.
I "lost" the love of my life few months ago,unable to let go too and shit,the situation is nowhere near as bad as your friends' tho but i want to try my best to help.  He might not be able to cut all contact with her for now ( i know i can't ) but it would be good if he tried to slowly let go of her,if she sends him a text maybe he could try to let time pass before answering. Then try to take more and more time to answer every..time. Yeah. Does he still have the hope he can "get" her back ?
Yeah.. I hope it happens before I go completely nuts because that shit ain't going anywhere good smh. Thank you for the support through it's very nice of you ! :)
If you want to talk about it I'm here,I know how scary it can get man I see my sanity going down the drain and it's fucking terrifying :/  What made things go this way ? ( if you don't mind the question,through)
I don't know,I wish I could experience true love once in my life,that's basically all I dream of :(
forever waiting for people including the love of my life ( unrequited love again ) to send me a message or something on whatever social networks I have,going from pages to pages on wikipedia,pretty boring stuff really !  yeah,it keeps me going somehow,going uphappy but not dead atm haha
I legit think my only talent is spending 6+ hours online everyday and it also works as a hobby tbh ! I've also been doing hair and make-up on me and as a small source of income for a few years.
Keeping myself busy does help even if for a short amount of time ( really,I recommand it to everyone,good relief),going out when it's 4 am with weed,cigs,whatever, because there's no one on the streets to bother the fuck out of me. All of that coated in crazy ass pretending shit all up in my head,of course,haha.
I'm 22,and everyone I've ever loved didn't reciprocate my feelings,if that wasn't enough many of them actually made me believe they did only to say oh finally I've changed my mind later. I've never had even a chance to try and it fucking hurts.
I'm not happy because nothing ever works for me despite my efforts I guess. Be it work,relationships,anything really.  And what would make me the happiest is an end to loneliness,someone who actually wants to be with me,the best would even be : with me without the crazy ass fake life and bullshit.