Not sure why you got downvoted, I agree here. Anderz had no clue, Nebris knew Pak had the Notch apple. They had a plan, a strategy. Anderz decided to just fill Nebris with arrows, not knowing about the insane regeneration and resistance. Nebris was able to lure Pakratt out of his comfort zone, eat the apple, run away to let the regeneration run off and then attack.
I would be SO sad if that's the case.
Actually nothing that's very interesting, but [this](https://i.imgur.com/kvWUyJ5.png) is our ~~base~~ mess on Blast Off at the moment. We've reached the point where we can make Galgadorian metal so we finally have a couple Ender IO machines. Botania Alfheim portal is up, autocrafting of 64k ME drives is a fact but that's it mainly. Cleaned up last night, replaced our clay floor with grass, automated wood and charcoal farm with Steve's carts, automated sugar cane farm using Pneumaticraft drones.. We have a wither skeleton farm a couple thousand blocks out and a mob farm up in the air (so not shown here), base on the left is another player's base. For us, it's now time to finally build and prepare for the hard work!
Thank you so much! Ran into Frank's music a few months ago and I'm still growing into it. I am trying to find as many songs as possible :)
Ik zit in een vergelijkbare situatie. Ik kom erg lastig uit bed/op gang en zorg zelfs slecht voor mezelf. Mijn gedachten nemen geregeld de vrije loop met me, uiteraard de verkeerde richting in, vooral als ik mij eenzaam voel en 's avonds laat. Mijn dag/nacht ritme is bijna omgedraaid naar een nacht/dag ritme. Ik ben al een paar maanden de moed aan het verzamelen om naar mn huisarts te stappen en naar een psycholoog te vragen omdat ik weet dat dat waarschijnlijk het beste voor me is. Je bent niks verplicht, maar ik zou er wel over nadenken. Sterkte ermee, en als je ooit wilt praten, kun je me een bericht sturen.  Edit: flinke typfout omdat mijn toetsenbord op Engels staat. Niet belangrijk.
Well this is a long time ago for me. Been busy with my internship, I should be graduating right now but I lost the internship so I'm delayed for half a year. Also broke up after a relationship of just over 2.5 years. Filling my time with being an admin on a modded minecraft server and looking for a new internship.. Slowly getting back into Mindcrack but I'm completely out of the loop.
Ah, alright, thanks :)
Yeah I thought so. Witchery is such a big mod, it's got way more than I expected. There are so many things you can easily miss the first time you play it. I think I might do some lycantropy later, I first wanna get the witchcraft stuff going.  If you ever want to join a server, I can recommend you check out the Indeed community (www.indeedcommunity.com). Ever since I've joined, I've been having fun and made a lot of friends there. We have just opened for applications again.
Will do, yeah! I've been reading a little about the Spirit World on the wiki here and there. You spawn there with an empty inventory right? Are there any items you can take with you? What about your armor?  I might build a maze of Ender-Bramble's (had to look them up but sounds cool) as a community thing, don't know. Depends on how easily they can be mass-produced as they're not too expensive.  So far I know just one person who has started witchery, but he has been inactive for a while. I might poke him and some others to do that ritual. Sounds like a lot of fun. Thanks for your reply!
Ahh that's okay. My story also started with a single "my dad hit me" to one of my friends. She told the others and I got them all worried. One of them eventually decided to seek help for me while I kept feeding the story. That's where it all came out eventually. The therapist wanted to see my dad. My parents didn't even know I was seeing her.
You might be right. We'll see tonight! :)
really small world :') I remember someone crashing upon reaching the island too. Was either glitter or Rious. And happy cake day jolli :)
Trade (The Binding of Isaac: Rebirth - Episode 209) [37:41]
Happy birthday to you too then! :)
You're back!! :D
Millbee passed 7800 yesterday in his 100th episode so you've got some (binge?) watching to do :)
Hm, that's not my experience but maybe that's because I ask things they don't know the answer to. Good to know though!
^^^^^^uhc ^^^^^^teams ^^^^^^of ^^^^^^3?
Good to hear! I'm hoping with you :)
Never mind. I just ran into indeedcommunity.com, I'm guessing that's what you meant. I'm registering it all now. I will also add you on Skype in a bit but my connection is really bad. So I can probably only type to you, no voice calls.
It sounds a lot like the meatballs like we make them. He uses breadcrumbs but you can also use biscuit crumbs or something like that. Only thing I don't use is the milk! I can tell you they are delicious :)
Something entertaining to wake up to every day. I live in the Netherlands, a total different time zone than most Mindcrackers so I go to bed when it's ~6PM at the East Coast. I basically miss "your" whole evening with uploads and streams but I get to watch it as soon as I wake up :D
I was trying to breed bees with Forestry and needed some help on something. I found Generikb's Beecademy and subscribed to him, not knowing that it was just a short series. Fortunately he also played around with bees in one of the FTB series so I watched those episodes as well. Then I kept watching his series (and later also the Vanilla episodes) and so I got to know BdoubleO first (of course) and later on the others :)
No you were not. I was really excited and cheering out loud when he revealed his face. I have had several theories in the past week, including Chad. It had to be a newcomer. Although it would have been a huge prank like Generik wanted to do sometime, I had never believed he would've managed to. I thought for a while that it might be the person that donated the highest amount of money during the marathon, but this went on for the whole week and this would never be possible in 24hrs. BTC was also an option but he was way too busy, he started a few new series lately. It had to be a newcomer and Chad has made the switch to YouTube with gmod, Mario kart, diversity etc etc. I am really happy for him :D
Thank you. I thought I was going crazy, I remembered it the other way around of what /u/ThinWhiteMale said :P
That's really cool! :D
Yup, same for me. Had the B-team flair for a while, then Team 77 Chads of Anderz during UHC, followed by Team PWN till the end of UHC. I recently started watching more Mindcrackers than just the B-team like I used to and they are indeed equally awesome. Although /u/TranceRealistic's solution is also a possibility lol!
Woah, TIL.
I've barely ever used the 'Hot' page, only during UHC's so I can easily find the thread because sometimes it's not stickied yet. And I just upvote every video I see from a Mindcracker, it's as easy as it gets. I don't watch every single video (I'd love to but there's only 24hrs in a day and I have more than Mindcrack in my life) but it's still support towards them.
Yeah I'm somewhere in the names part too :D It's a really nice surprise from /u/Guardax!
I think the major drop after the first episode might be because the server restart was just as hyped about as with UHCs. Everyone was excited for the new season and when it turned out they would be using a world border, there were more people than just those few Mindcrackers who disagreed with it. I guess they stopped watching immediately.  edit: whoops I don't know why I already submitted. Secondly, the server reset was during the holidays. On the one hand, no one is going to college so everyone has time to watch, but on the other hand, people are leaving town for multiple weeks, etcetera. I've been away for only a week, I went to Dublin, but I missed a week's content and I never managed to catch up. I felt like I should because I didn't wanna miss anything in that early stage of the new server, but I never did.. That might be the reason why I stopped watching (I only watch one when I'm really bored, I should definitely watch more often) and maybe this is the same for others..  And now people are back in college, having less time to watch. All I hope is that it's not the end of that server already. There are still people active but they upload a Mindcrack video each two days. I expect videos from at least Bdubs and Doc today, possibly Anderz and Vechs as well :)
It's the top comment and the link was submitted right after this post. (Sorry I'm only 4 hours later lol)