Really love her stomach piercings, they flow so naturally :D Wonder how badly those dermals hurt though....
Nick Tahous baby, that's where it's at.
In-ground pool.   I don't wanna clean that shit just so I can float in it for two hours every summer, then have to hire someone to fill it in when I eventually, most likely attempt to move and sell the house.
Holy shit man. There are some things that people shouldn't ever have to see, sorry you ever had to see that.    Not gonna lie, thought you bailed on us (not that I blamed you, there was some serious reddit-mobage going on). All I gotta say is thanks, for both the perseverance and the foresight to preview the tapes instead of showing live like most wanted, and for coming back to explain as much as you could anyway, even though i'm sure it's probably something you'd rather hand off to the cops and bleach from your brain.    Take care of yourself. This is the sort of shit that makes people crazy. And as far as all the downvoting goes, don't let it get to you. People sometimes tend to mix up "Imaginary sorting system" with "Cocaine laced with gold".    Thanks again OP, you did good :)
I'm so sorry to hear about your situation, hopefully it's gotten better since. You should try drawing again though,  even unfinished ones have a kind of charm to them :)  I haven't heard of deltoras quest though, is that a tv show?
Guitar is definitely...interesting.  But it's one of those things where everyone starts on equal terms, talent doesn't have nearly as much importance as practice and perseverance. It makes it much more satisfying :)
Haha the irony being I'm actually dyslexic xp thanks for taking the time to check them out, I'm glad you enjoyed them!
Thank you! :)
Sure, if doodles in the margins count. I actually ended up putting my focus on writing later, but drawing will always remain an outlet for me.
A great man with crazy hair once said everyone is artistic :) Gotta love Bob Ross
Yes please!!  remindme! 1 day
[Serious] As seniors in high school, what should we keep in mind while writing our college apps, especially for those looking to get into Ivy League level schools?
What he doesn't realize is this is only the beginning.
At least you know what to look out for now o_o good for you for removing yourself from the situation!
I agree, seeing it work to at least some degree is really encouraging. It's a really good concept :] just doesn't always work on the mass scale
They're neither actually true socialist, the Nordic model has actually received criticism for being both too socialist, and too capitalist. They operate on a sort of hybrid of the two, sort of a middle ground.
Rochester.    Just kidding. If a city could be bipolar, Rochester would be the poster child.
Socialism
I can do my best to give you someone to lean on for a while, I can totally understand the desire to just be supported :]  Damn. Here's a happy one for ya. I work in an animal shelter, this morning I saw an older lady be reunited with her lost dog. The dog practically flew to the lady in our waiting area, even though the dog herself was like a hundred years old. Many slobbery dog kisses were given. It was pretty awesome, the lady started sobbing. She didn't think she would see her dog again (which is why microchips are always a good thing!)
Hi. Want to talk? We don't have to talk about this, maybe stories or small talk. Something to distract you from the anxiety a bit?
Hi. You are a teenager; by definition you are going to make mistakes. Right now, things seem pretty terrible. It sucks. You feel worthless and shitty, and like nothing is worth it.   But it is. Because your life hasn't even begun yet :] you have to keep trudging on, keep pushing yourself a little bit every day. Make it a goal to accept your mistakes and learn from them. In a little while you'll find the strength to do things you didn't realize you were capable of; maybe even ask out that girl. And I bet you'll be even more super careful now  driving after you made that mistake; that extra caution may end up saving your life one day. Then you might actually be thankful o For cracking that bumper (kinda ridiculous how life works that way, huh?)  So keep that in mind every time you feel sucky, or down. Being a teenager is basically having depression, anxiety, and a bit of OCD all wrapped up in one several-year long party; feeling horrible is going to happen. But there is a light at the end of the tunnel. Just don't wait for it to come to you, now is the time to start working for it. You can get past this :]
I'm here to understand; I'm all ears. Why do you think you're so upset?    Also, don't downgrade any of this to shit. This matters. You are sick, and that's something to take seriously. for sure. Your sickness isn't a chore, or obnoxious to anyone :) if they say it is than they have problems themselves
Ha! I had that same phone case until just recently :D   Naw. You're totally cute. Would date, provided you had the personality to match.
Awesome jawline, awesome hair, adorable eyes.    If I saw you in a coffee shop I would definitely do a double take over the top of my book :]
Bit late but funny story; the person taking this picture actually locked me out after this. They have a video of me screaming and pounding on the door in boots and a bikini shin-deep in snow ;-;
Actually there haven't been any (knock on wood...)
Damn. Burn.
My name is Inigo Montoya.   You Killed my father.   Prepare to die.
Hell no it's not. Things eventually get better at some point, so knowing that helps. Thanks though
Came here to say exactly this. People who have seen this movie share a bond, almost like being the only two people to watch a person jump off a bridge.
That's why i always point out what i specifically think looks good, like their hair or shirt. The "reason" for them looking good helps defeat that whole "They're just saying that because i actually look like i just got out of a windstorm after rolling around in a sewer and they pity me" thing
[You had a standoff with death and won](http://gph.is/Z02XO9)   Congrats man