I wonder what she's thinking...
Wow thank you for such a thought out response! The responses here has definitely opened my eyes. Sometimes, because of my BPD, I am quite delusional and cannot think clearly about things so it's always nice to get a second (or third opinion). I'll definitely try those things next time I'm feeling down.
Neighbour's cat
Asian
Wow. Congrats. First time I've actually said WTF on this subreddit.  Would not recommend clicking.
Gorgeous eyes!
A clown with a syringe.
Curly toe beans! 3
Nope, he's not European.
WHERE ARE MY TUNA FLAKES?!
Please post more pics when you get him. He's adorable! 3
Cat tummies are the best tummies
Yesterday, I was having an awful day and went into my closet, closed the door and cried. Then, I heard little scratches on the door and there she was. When I opened the door, she started purring and laid on my feet. I couldn't ask for a better friend than my cat.
Why play with toys when you can bite an arm?
Nope, still ever so present. She is now known as "MsKailynMarie" on Youtube and Instagram.
Cute little underwear
Kitty's first blep!
Aww they all look like their momma! How precious. Orange kitties are just so adorable!!
Aww! They're like twins!
Construction in the winter as well!
All I wanted was a nice picture! :(
Right before she attacked me
Dying red hair brown   Last week, I dyed my hair using L'oreal hicolor hilights in magenta and it doesn't really suit me so I want to dye it a medium ash brown. Is it okay if I just use a medium ash brown hair dye with 30 volume developer and a colour remover packet (from Sally's)? Or would my hair still have red undertones?
Heroin
Angelina Jolie. Why is she even famous?
Can fourth graders teach world peace?
Cat got bitten by other cat   My cat was playing in the backyard today and the neighbours cat crawled from under the fence and started chasing my cat. She got really scared and ran inside but it wasn't until later that we realized that the other cat bit her twice on her butt. We applied some polysporin but she is walking sort of funny now. Both my cat and the neighbours cat are up to date on their vaccines.   We're taking her to the vet in the morning but I was just wondering if anyone could provide any info regarding what to do otherwise? It's my first experience with a cat bite. Kind of panicking right now :(
Kristen Stewart and Kristen Stewart
Canada doesn't use pennies anymore so technically, it isn't worth anything.
Ellie
Aww goat loaf!
The teeth ಠ_ಠ