At least you know how fucking magnets work
I'm with /u/RulerOfSlides on this one
That is wonderful. I'm sure mine would do the same, but I haven't seen any evidence of it in the last 7 years...minimum
It happened   So my headlight went out, and I did not know it until I was pulled over. I had a roach sitting just to the right of my registration papers, which the officer saw. He then cuffed me and put me in his cruiser. He searched the vehicle (using the roach as probable cause) and found my script and less than 3 grams of Marijuana. I spent the night in jail, learned a lot about life, and almost made it through Pride and Prejudice (the book).   So I have court next Thursday, and am meeting with a lawyer to get the misdemeanors talked down to something else...I have one for the weed; and one for my pipe. This is officially the beginning of a very extended break from marijuana (at least 5 years) and other drugs (whenever I'm financially stable again)  Edit: I'd like to add in that the officer never read me my Miranda rights, nor did anyone else who booked me acknowledge that those rights exist.   Edit 2: Thank you everyone for your support, stories, and insight. I feel a little bit more optimistic about upcoming events.  Edit 3: I met with my lawyer today. We are likely going through pre trial diversion which involves me either going to NA meetings and the sort, or submitting to random drug tests.
Update: I'm trying to think of where I left my weed...go me. I forgot I made this post.
There wasn't a question at all...I just wanted to post that. But yeah, we sat around and played video games until we were both too high to do much, and bonded on it all. We shared things that we couldn't tell anyone else. We talked about everything from life to images to well...everything.   By images, I mean he used to look the stereotypical emo part (jet black hair swooped to one side, brooding attitude, blaring Hawthorne Heights, and being an angsty mess in general) but now he's switched over to the "clean cut" look...mainly for the same reasons I had been telling him for a few years...good women like it more and people give you fewer dirty looks.   I was also worried about being judged for everything...I told him about how I got hooked on Percocet, I've done the mainstream hard drugs (except for crack) I've taken benzos  (usually kpins or xans) I've done Stims, I've dropped L, I've tripped on shrooms, I've done X. And the best part was...no judgment, mainly because he was like "hey, you're an adult, you seem like you have your shit together" and then he told me a few stories of other people doing stuff, and then going overboard with it.
I grew up in a heavily right wing, uninformed and closed minded family. Things I've heard: 1) Drinking makes your toes turn black.    2) Acid makes you retarded.    3) Weed is highly addictive, makes you stupid, and you're a burnout if you do it.     It's almost as if they want to maintain their "perfect" family image, and will cut people off for deviating even a little.
I was coming off of my binge last night at work when I decided to smoke on my lunch break. I put in eyedrops and everything, and I wasn't noticed. It wasn't until after work that my manager asked if I smoked, and by instinct, I said smoke what.? So; he knows I smoke, and I haven't found a decent time to ask him if he does.   Sorry for the unrelated story. To answer your question, I use weed to cope with my comedowns. It regulates out my appetite, so I actually remember to eat. Good food puts me in a great mood.
I got her to watch The Culture High a couple months back, so I might have started to get her to think a bit about it, but I'm not going to say for sure
You know it's a British source whenever they claim something to be rubbish. Also the .UK domain helps
It's 5 am; and I just watched a tranny beat up an Indian dude on liquid crystals. 100% truth [10]
You have a beautiful voice, and I'm glad you survived to share it with us.
Right. Like; I paid for my college out of pocket this semester without loans, I've never been late to work or had to call out, and I'm probably moving into my own place sometime in the next few months.
I've got a couple for this:  1) One of the first times I ever did acid, I wound up driving myself home after everyone else started to pass out. I expected my roommate at the time to be asleep or at his lady friend's place. Such was not the case, and my roommate asked if I was on drugs or something (anti-drug fellow) I also had a lofted bed at the time so I just told him I was drunk, grabbed my pillow and blanket off my bed and slept on the floor. So there's my fail.     2) My success is basically everyday, between taking phone calls and planning arrangements drunk as fuck if I don't have to be somewhere or high as fuck if the day of the week ends in Y
Worst stoner ever, The Intercept:     Okay, so a group of about 4 of us rolled up a couple blunts to smoke around before watching some Blue Mountain State. Everything is about normal, until one of the other guys (Intercept) goes to get water. He comes back, and instead of sitting in his chair, he walks over, grabs the blunt out of rotation, calls it an "interception" and proceeds to hit it...and hit it....and hit it. I have not smoked with this friend since because that completely ruined the circle. Even if it wasn't my weed in the blunt (mine was in the other one) that's still a shitty move. After that, I grab my weed and blunt, and leave,  saying I had somewhere to be. I've seen him do this with hookahs as well, and no one calls him out on it. Nice guy, just...that moment left a bad vibe on my [6]  My other one is the Storyteller:     This was a couple years ago. I had a bowl packed and going around, and it was smoked. Highness was felt. Then my friend at the time packed a bowl and passed it around. About midway through the second bowl, my friend starts telling a story, and goes on for about 15 minutes (I looked at my phone clock) without taking a hit or passing it. So, I ask whenever there is a break in the story if he is going to pass the bowl. His response went a little something like this: It's my fucking weed, don't be a mooching cock sucker, I'll tell a goddamn story if I fucking feel like it, and if you don't like it, then you take your dumbass home and don't bother me again. Other people were visibly bothered by his drawn out, retold stories, but I decided I'd be the one to nicely say something. As a result, I do not smoke with this friend.    I noticed in general my smoking circle has shrunk a lot, but the people who hit me up for stuff is rising. Also I have no problem with people telling stories, it's just whenever you're story is drawn out and there is a perfectly good bowl not being touched by anyone because one person is holding up the circle. I understand finishing your thought then taking a hit, because that is how I tell stories when stoned.
Did not need a mod, despite the fact you were who I was looking for on another trip thread. Mitigating my come down with Hookah and Dr. Pepper
Upvote for the weirdness
My shift in friends showed me this actually. Some people used to compete to see who would stay in the circle the longest. Now, with my current friends, we can smoke a joint between 4 or 5 people and all be functional. Might be the difference between being a functional stoner and being a couch lock stoner
I still work across from one. Sometimes their music seeps across, past the phone kiosk in the middle where the ladies working there have a Macbook on loud blaring Drake, past the speakers we have blaring Rush, Led Zeppelin, and other classics, and into my unfortunate ears.   One girl I know and am friends with will claim that Bring me the Horizon is better than anything I listen to. Sure I've gone through phases of shitty music tastes, but this is worse than what I used to listen to. I will list my musical experiences in a different comment if anyone is interested, so they can see my frame of reference.  That last paragraph was intended to sound incredibly pretentious.
Christmas lights
A couple favorites actually.  Snoop Dogg: creates peaceful hip hop, moves to reggae, smoking weed the whole time. Then, he develops edgier music that culminates into songs about smoking, and a general disregard for the law. Point: dudes still smoking weed either way.  Behemoth: multiple lineup changes, lead singer gets and ungets leukemia, and the music is still metal as fuck either way. Mostly the same back and forth for me.
Shrek is love. Shrek is life
Then we sat there for a minute, and she took her another valium.   Haha God Bless Grandma. Don't down vote me for invoking the Lord's name
Canada
This is one of the few threads where I haven't seen someone go OMFG!!! BATMAN PREPTIME!!  But seriously, if Guts were anything less than 8/10 for the reasons provided, I would be remarkably surprised. Prep time gives Batman time to form plans and such, not become physically stronger than whoever he is facing, even though he is given 6 full months of conditioning and training time.
Can anyone answer why they went with Scott Lang as their Ant Man of choice instead of Hank Pym? Don't get me wrong, I like my lovable 80s comic characters, but I feel like Pym would be able to be a more consistent parallel between what has happened in the original Marvel Universe (616) and the Marvel Cinematic Universe.  Edit: according to several people, Pym will be appearing in the Ant Man movie.
I found the skeleton!!
Pretzels are actually remarkably high in calories and carbs. But yea, avoid soda.  Source: My job is to make pretzels and I have been informed about the nutritional contents in them.  Edit: This may just be my employer, as I have seen other people post about pretzels being a good idea.
Thanks for that!
If it turns out to be Captain America, grab an enemy of the Avengers (probably Ultron) the end.   If it isn't Captain America, then my appeal is going out to Goku, because he always seems to give the benefit of the doubt and second chances out the ass, so what would be the odds of him ignoring me at this point in time, as a citizen who needs help turning over a corrupt system?  Also, I'd play reverse psychology on any villain I could. It is underhanded, but hey, we can't all be the saints of tomorrow.
There are so many re rolls happening right now, just on the sheer account of feeling too godly in the first fight. Example: Nanite Reality,  aka, Reality Warping. Not fair at all in my honest opinion
A friend of mine was going on about the trouble in her life, and this is where I found one of the boundaries of things I should never joke about. She popped of something about how I was one of the problems in her life, and that we should probably not talk for a good while. My reply: no wonder your dad walked out on you. Worst experience ever! I was joking of course, but this was the wrong place for sarcasm, I guess