Straight guy here, but I have student loans to pay. As long as he is clean and disease free = $750
I've never had coffee, I'm just using the free wifi :)
Normally, it's every two or three days. However, lately it's been once a day.
"But he gotta get rid of these hoes for me"
I was taking it around bed time. I couldn't take it in the morning or that would really knock me out
My grandfather passed away when my father was four, so my father had a rough time growing up. I try not to fault him for parenting mistakes.   My relationship with my father is cordial at best. I basically try not to piss him off and he leaves me alone. We can hold a conversation though.
I have not. The last time I cried was almost seven years ago. However, I would not judge a friend if they cry in front of me. I hope you're doing okay, OP.
I will probably take some of my weaknesses to my grave. That may be sad but it is honest. I definitely cannot show how sensitive I am or when I'm hurt. Everyone has their moments when they just want to be held. Everyone has their moments when they want to be little spoon. But as man, I am expected to erase all of those sentiments from my memory.   The world is not a good place.
Hey, now
Exactly this. I was at a point in the relationship where it didn't matter what my friends or family said. I was the one who actively chose her, every time. Thankfully, it hit me one day and I realized that she wasn't going to change. So I got up and left.
Beauty and the Beast because of Beast's character development
Straight flame
Literally this. Many girls on Tinder just want attention
Yes, the live Yellow intro was ICONIC
How do you rank Coldplay's albums?   This hasn't been done in a few months so let's hear it: how do you rank Coldplay's albums from best to worst? Also, what's your favorite track on each?  For me, it's   * 1) A Rush of Blood to the Head: In My Place  * 2) Parachutes: Shiver  * 3) X Y: Swallowed in the Sea  * 4) Viva La Vida/ Death   All His Friends: Strawberry Swing  * 5) Ghost Stories: Another's Arms  * 6) Mylo Xyloto: Us Against the World
I still have this problem. I used to pee myself and as a result, I have this ritual of keeping a piece of toilet paper in my pants. If I am anywhere in public without the piece of toilet paper, I consider myself done for the day.
Quicksand   I just started talking to people about my feelings within the past two years. Most people don't know I have depression because I severely mask my feelings. My best friend believes I've been depressed for years, but she never said anything. Anyways, here is the problem.   I've been diagnosed with OCD, but I've also been diagnosed with clinical depression. I feel as if I'm sinking into this pit of quicksand and I cannot do anything to stop it.   * I go to counseling, but I don't feel as if I'm getting anywhere * My sleep is becoming progressively worse * I'm extremely exhausted all of the time. I have huge bags under my eyes, so I'm surprised no one has noticed.  * Constant headaches * I have zero focus, which is bad because I'm in grad school * I don't have a strong support system  * I'm starting to feel like a burden to the friends who know about my depression   Ultimately, I feel as if there is nothing I can do to help myself.  Suggestions or advice?
I can sing, well; I don't mean this in a pretentious way, either. Most people don't consider this to be manly but I really don't care. However, most women enjoy a man with a voice.
Lately, It's been ["Kids"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fLxxxXsHXZM) by Childish Gambino. I could listen to that song all day and not grow tired of it. The song just keeps me in a good mood.
I've had many bad things done to me by women; this is part of the main reason I have trust issues when it comes to women.   I've been sexually harassed by a girl at a party (and that's the least of it). However, I won't talk about all of the things that have happened because I'm told that men are supposed to like any and all attention from women; even if it's forced. The sexism part is that men aren't victims of dating violence.
I don't know what's funnier: this comment or your username.
Trunks
Managing Emotions
Two of my really close friends are gay and I view them no differently. We talk about everything. Women, sex, man stuff, you name it. Sexual orientation is irrelevant to friendships.
Yes and it's really annoying. I normally can wear slim fit pants except they are tight in the thigh
Best friends hold each other's poops
For reference: I'm 6'0 and weigh about 195  1) Generally, I do like how I look. I have been called "handsome, hot, gorgeous, etc.".   2) Sadly, yes I tend to focus on my flaws which brings me to the next question  3) Man boobs. I have lost 40 pounds within the past year and a half. However, even at 11% body fat, I still have some remaining chest fat. They are my biggest insecurity.   4) I would rate my attention to appearance at 8/10  5) I am confident in my appearance at about 6/10
1) I like to get drunk so I hide that. I also hide my dating relationships in order to stop people I know from interfering with them. The second part of your question is more of the general feeling: "Oh, did you see wildwolf at the bar? I hear he slept with so and so. I am going to tell his parents"  2) My dad is a Baptist pastor. I am a Christian but I am in a dark spot when it comes to my faith.   3) I am 23. Once I finish grad school, I plan on getting a job and moving far away from the place I grew up
Baptist
What's going through your head right now?
Thank you so much, I really appreciate it. You definitely have given me some encouragement
It's been about 6 years for me. At first, I thought I had schizophrenia; it was very debilitating. And it sucks because I come from a rough family life so they have no idea I have OCD. I do know of worse cases, but mine was to the point where I thought suicide might have been better than life with OCD