instructions unclear. dick caught in ceiling fan
solid work
you shush
no.
Sounds about right
I'm 24, point?
Was this a song?
Just following directions.
TIL: Spain is irrelevant
I had a martial arts instructor, for a Korean martial arts discipline, who was Cherokee, German, and had a flat top and a moustache. total badass.
found the windows phone user
Even at 24k + living expenses (in the city)?  Edit: I'm about 60k under already
Fucking birds. How dare they make pretty noise. How the fuck do they make pretty noise? The cats just going to eat them anyway.
I'm jealous. My stack isn't nearly as badass, just a 780 and a Marantz 2245. Of the two the Marantz is my favorite, both are recapped and restored (still need to do a little work finishing them both, need to source a power button for the Marantz and a new backplate, and need to fix the one VU meter on the pioneer. Maybe then I'll get a wooden case made for the Marantz to satisfy me until I can get my hands on a 2270 or sx-1280  Edit: I do always forget how late in the 70's that line was, since the internals are More like the early 70's equipment than say, a late 70's Yamaha receiver
If you really want to blow your mind, replace the worn old capacitors, it'll bring everything back into spec. Even just doing the main psu caps makes a good difference
It's just an interesting concept for me because I've never lived somewhere long term where my water wasn't as private as it got, ie: it came out of the ground the house was built on. And to make it better, no power = no water.  But I wouldn't trade it for anything. Our water growing up was better than anything that comes out of a bottle, perfect ph, naturally limestone filtered, nice and crisp. Our relatives used to bring 5gal jugs to fill when they visited us.  Septic tanks on the other hand fucking suck
To be fair it is lot more reliable than using a binned DC motor and some rectifier diodes
Fuckinng Swiss alox can opener is still my favorite. All the twist style ones I've had have broken and so has my electric one
/r/theydidthemath calls to you
Ours tossed a blade while crushing ice, shattering the glass container. Also it stained my pants poop
And these things are different how?
I never understood that. Wtf are they made out of?
I am. Tacos are like open ended burritos made out of razor blades. Burritos are so much easier to hold on to. Except if they aren't wrapped well they get soggy by the end
I'm not reddit but I like the way this one thinks ^
I was expecting Papal lasers and I was sorely disappointed
Wait... The antichrist? Like, offspring of a human and a cabrion demon, revelations style antichrist?  Is this like a common belief among baptists or just a select fringe group?
Astounding story as well
For some reason this made me think Eyedea   Abilities Color my World Mine
The FUCK?
Actually kinda helps
3 years clean: worse off than ever before   Title says it all. No harm in 3 years aside from punching the occasional wall, but compared to the hundreds of previous cuts I'll call that good. Even got better without the family ever knowing it was a problem. But I'm worse than ever before. Went off to grad school. In less than a year it sucked all the life from me. The hidden self hatred is like an exposed nerve without anything pleasurable to cover it up. Between my awful grades, disappointed professor, lack of any friends in a 75 mile radius, and lack of any romantic connections I'm losing my mind. I'm slowly driving my only true friend away via text because there's only so long s person can put up with this shit. Tonight I snapped a door off my kitchen cabinet and shattered  my mirror. I'm not angry at anyone but myself. I'm constantly angry at myself, screaming at me when no one else is around because just... Everything. I want to cut so badly but knowing I can't let myself just makes it even worse, like a firework in a tin can. I'm trying to hold on but damn... It's like my own mind is consciously trying to kill me and that's what drives me mad. It's conscious decisions, not blind impulse. Conscious decisions  I know I'll regret but feel compelled to do anyway.
No. I'm not asking for sympathy or I wouldn't have used a burner account. You can tell me I'm a piece of shit, should drop out and be a fry cook, or put a fucking bullet in my skull for all I care actually.  I came here to vent because I'm alone in this city and I'm tired of putting my fist through the wall when I hate myself. Noone said you have to listen or care.