Immortality glitch in Tiny Tina DLC?   My friend and I were playing the dlc for the first time, him as a level 34 gunzerker and me as a level 32 mechromancer. We went into the orc village in the forest and fought a level 35 orc that turned into a level 37 orc. My friend kept getting crippled, but every time he hit me, I'd immediately regain all of my shields and health. It continued when we moved to another area. Nothing else was different, except the pixies seemed to ignore me, whether they were attacking us or helping us. I reset the game and it went away, but it was very weird.  Has anyone else experienced this? I couldn't find anything on Google, but I'm not really the best at googling stuff.
sure thing :)
no problem!! do you want the pokerus on any particular pokemon? i can't guarantee i have it but i can offer at least. i would make a list of pokemon i have but i don't know which ones are popular/sought out beyond ditto/eevee safaris :( all i know is that i have all gen 1 and gen 6 starters.
Can I add you as well? I was just about to post that I was looking for Vulpix when I saw this.
Happy birthday to us!! I'm turning 26 so it's extra, extra special.
Hehe, thanks, I try my best every day
Thank you! :)
Unrequited love and Adderall saved my life.   I was diagnosed with depression when I was pretty young. It was fairly mild, but gradually got worse over time up until a time period between 2009 up to 2012, when I hit rock bottom over, and over, and over.  I don't want to get into specifics because, well, I'm not here to talk about that. I will just say that it was two years of hell followed by a year of having zero energy and not giving a shit about anything.  I slept almost constantly. I would be up for maybe 4 hours tops (usually less, sometimes as little as 10 minutes) before going back to sleep for anywhere from 4-16 hours, occasionally even longer. It was miserable. When I was awake, I was eating quick and easy junk food because I had no energy to even make a sandwich. I couldn't even heat up a frozen dinner.  So what happened was I basically laid around and got fat. Well, fatter.  Then, in mid 2012, I met someone. I met him online. He lives an ocean away from me in England, but I fell for him HARD. I was infatuated with him and I was so happy. I had energy. I didn't hate the world. I didn't know what it felt like to be sad anymore. I never wanted it to stop.  I knew it would, though. The soaring feeling would wear off. I'd never felt like that before, but I knew myself. Nothing lasted for me if it was good, but for once, knowing I was going to fall into another depression at some point in the future didn't make me feel hopeless. I wanted that feeling to last, but I also knew it couldn't. That didn't mean I had to go back to rock bottom, though.  For the first time in my life, I wanted help for my depression. I actually wanted to learn how to manage it. I had a whole plan. I would get back on meds, I'd take them regularly, I'd go to therapy, I'd see a psychiatrist, I'd learn to function like a real adult. I'd get a job. I'd go to school. I'd save money and I would fly to England so I could hug that boy in person.  And I started doing just that. I found a psychiatrist and started an intensive therapy program. Then everything started to go downhill.  My car was broken in to. Nothing was stolen, but they had gone through everything and pulled out things I'd hidden, things that brought up awful memories that made me sick to my stomach. The guy in England told me that even though he had feelings for me, he didn't want a long-distance relationship. I had known the whole time that we wouldn't date, even though I was and still am willing to try an LDR. Actually being told that, though, was absolutely crushing.  Even though the amazing feeling was gone, and thinking about him hurt, I still wanted to learn to manage my depression. I kept going to therapy. I kept seeing my psychiatrist. But I was back to having no energy. It was a struggle to stay awake during therapy (3 hours 4 days a week) no matter how much or how little I'd slept. But I stuck with it, and I finished up the therapy program with hope.  I was still fat, though, and I hated it. No matter how good I felt about other things, if I saw myself in a mirror, I was miserable. I didn't want to torture myself with diet and exercise right off the bat, I didn't want to jump right in and overwhelm myself and quit after two days.  I cut out soda and caffeine and started drinking water in hopes that it would help me get some energy. It may have, but it wasn't much. What I did notice, though, was that I lost weight. I was 10 pounds lighter, and for someone who's four feet and eleven inches, that's actually noticeable. Still, I was overweight. Obese, even. I felt better without the soda and caffeine, but it wasn't enough. The most noticeable differences were less headaches, and my acid reflux was gone. (That was extremely exciting, I went from having to eat Tums like candy while sucking down pepcid to not having to use either at all)  Finally, I mentioned it to my psychiatrist. I hadn't before, and I wish I had sooner. With my lack of energy and difficulty concentrating on things, she decided to prescribe Adderall.  I was nervous about it at first, because I have abused prescription drugs in the past. I told myself, take it like you're supposed to. See how it works. See what it does for you.  I knew that if it actually helped me, I didn't want to abuse it because I didn't want it to get taken away like the other pills.  I was given a pretty low dose at first and my instructions were to take it twice a day, one when I woke up, one five hours later, and they should wear off by the time I'm supposed to go to bed. When I picked up the pills, it was roughly around the time I was supposed to take the second one, early afternoon, so I decided to take it.  One pill kept me up for over 24 hours. I remember looking at the clock and realizing that I'd woken up 26 hours earlier and I wasn't tired at all. I thought that was strange, but I hadn't been downing them like candy or anything. It was just a powerful drug that I wasn't used to, I told myself. But I loved the feeling of being AWAKE. I was so NOT TIRED. I should have worried, and I did abuse them at first but I denied it to myself. I'm not abusing them, I'm not doing this all the time, etc etc.  I would stay up until I was delirious with them, because I loved not having to sleep. I spent so much time sleeping, and now I wasn't sleeping!! I could do stuff!!! And I could FOCUS. The first time I took it, I played a flash game on Neopets for 7 hours. I did nothing else.  Another side effect was that I wasn't hungry. I didn't snack constantly. I barely ate. The pounds were melting off, and even if I wasn't THIN still, I was lighter than I'd been in years. I fudged the truth for people when they asked me what I was doing to lose the weight. I told them, I'm controlling my portions, snacking less, and not drinking soda. It was all true, but only technically. I was controlling my portions by barely eating anything, and no snacking is less than any amount of snacking. The soda thing, that was the only part that wasn't a misleading truth.   Fairly quickly, though, my body adjusted. One pill didn't keep me up for a day, and it didn't suppress my appetite quite as much. When I fell asleep only an hour after taking an Adderall, I had her increase my dose.  Despite my actions when I was first prescribed it, I finally controlled myself when she said that she might change it if it's not working as well. I realized that if I kept going on that route, I'd lose the meds, and they gave me so much energy and I was getting things DONE, even if sometimes I would take them for the sole purpose of not sleeping for two days. And I had lost weight, something I hadn't done in years!!! Or ever, really, I got fat pretty slowly and just sort of stayed there.  After that, though, I stopped abusing it. I stopped starving myself. I took it how I was supposed to, and instead of avoiding eating, I took advantage of the lack of appetite to eat smaller portions.  My mood was better because I had meds that worked for me, I had lost weight and was keeping it off, now in a healthier way, and the best thing happened during all this.  I got to go to England and I got to give the guy who started all of this the hug I'd wanted to give him since the beginning.  I was incredibly lucky. My friend paid for me to go with him, and we met up with the guy I'm crazy about and I got to spend two days with him. Best two days of my life, honestly.  In 2011, after two years of absolute hell, I tried to kill myself four times. 2012 started with apathy, exhaustion, and 175 pounds. It ended with a broken heart, a lot of hope, and 35 pounds gone.  2013 started with energy and a European vacation, and now I'm sitting here at 125 pounds (still not at my goal weight, but I'll get there!) and I'm *okay* for the first time since I was eight years old, and that's the best I could hope for.  [Before  After pictures of me](http://i.imgur.com/gbAGUch.jpg)  The first picture is actually in the later half of 2012, my heart's already been broken and I've started therapy. I'm 165 pounds and at Six Flags for my 25th birthday.  The second picture was taken in May of this year. I'm 125 pounds, both in that picture, and right now.  I don't know what typically goes in this subreddit, but this is something I wanted to say so I thought it fit. I don't care if anyone sees it or reads it or whatever, but I just needed to say it.   But if you did read all of this, then [this is for you.](http://i.imgur.com/l08GotR.jpg)
I had some at the Harry Potter studio tour in London, it was amazing. It was very sweet, kind of butterscotchy and something else... The foam on top was thick and sweet and kind of like ice cream.  Most of the recipes I've tried use apple cider, which I don't like at all, but the stuff I had in London was what I had always imagined. It was perfect, and I'm so upset that I can't just go out and buy some.
When Joel met Ellie, her bite was three weeks old, didn't they only figure out that she was immune after she was bitten and didn't turn?  I was going to add that Joel knew Ellie better because of everything they went through, but apparently I forgot to add that.  Maybe Marlene would have wanted to save her after knowing her as Joel knows her, but Joel also had lost his daughter. Marlene lost people, but never anything like that. She's young enough that most of her life has been post-breakout, and I think a lot of people live every day expecting to lose someone they care about, so while losing someone still sucks, they are more prepared for it. Joel didn't wake up that morning prepared for anyone to die, let alone his daughter, and I think he felt a much stronger sense of loss because of it.   In any case, it doesn't excuse Marlene never telling Ellie about what they planned to do with her.  edit: fixed grammar
I noticed this in my current (second) playthrough. I don't know how I entirely missed the whole scene the first time, but then I noticed the writing on the floor, and then I saw the bodies covered by tarps... I wonder if he talked to them about it first.   I love seeing all the things like this, bits and pieces of other people's lives that we'll never get to know more about.
I was on a fucking rampage in that hospital trying to get to Ellie. As soon as Joel woke up and I saw Marlene, I said out loud, "I'm going to fucking shit rage if they try and keep Joel and Ellie apart." Then, of course, they did, and I murdered the fuck out of anyone who got in the way.  I would have chosen the "selfish" option in a heart beat, and I don't know if I would ever be able to pick the other one no matter how many times I played through it.  My only disappointment is that I didn't get to pull the trigger on Marlene, but I was not sorry to see her go.
[Austin, TX] A fly? I saw at Zilker Park. I thought it was a large bee at first.
Well, if it's friendly, then definitely the shark.
Yes. Thank you. This helps me a lot. I've been very stressed because I'm trying to do too many things with too little time, so I may have freaked out a little more than necessary. I honestly didn't even notice it was the weekend at this point. Do you happen to know if I have to send the incorrect item back, and how it will be done if I do? Sorry to bother you with more questions.
I read that. I sent an email. I don't see anything that refers to tickets except in text, so I assumed they meant to send an email.  It doesn't answer my questions, though. Lack of information suggests that I would not have to pay shipping or return the incorrect item, but I also can't find anyone who got the wrong item and was able to get the correct item sent to them, everyone I talked to said their emails were never responded to, either.
Okay... I see. This makes a lot more sense than anything I've read before (that I can remember!)  So, quick question, why does "il mange du riz" end up as "il ne mange pas de riz"? I understand that "du" is "de le", but why did the "le" disappear from the negative? Are "Il mange de riz" and "Il ne mange pas du riz" also correct?  I'm using Rosetta Stone as a refresher and I'm beginning to regret it just a bit, because it doesn't answer questions like this.
Ahhh! Thank you!! You are too kind! :'D
She always brings pockets full of treats and she's the only person who actually gives her food when she begs (no matter how many times we tell her not to). She really spoils my dog, it's probably a good thing she doesn't come over that often.
Is her top being torn from that guy grabbing her?
I can imagine it wouldn't smell that great, but I can imagine some far worse smelling jobs.
A portion of a tree.
My stomach dropped when I opened the picture.
Can't figure out hair in digital painting/coloring - Any tips?   So basically, I drew this: http://i.imgur.com/NlJz5.png  And I actually liked it well enough that I really wanted to learn how to color digitally on it. And I got this far: http://i.imgur.com/tVrv4.png  I tried looking up tutorials, but I couldn't find any that I liked. I also wouldn't mind any critique in the drawing or coloring itself. Except about the fact that it's not unlined art, because I like the way lined art looks. I am trying to learn unlined as well, but it's more difficult for me. At least I'm getting practice in of both!  I'm using Paint Tool SAI if anyone has any tricks or tips for that program as well. Thank you!
My dad yelled at me for trying to start a fire and I cried.
Good luck!!!!
Will do! :)
It took a lot of effort and honestly, a few times, I just wanted to sit down and quit. I was just so tired of living like that, it sucks. I've lived in that mess for far, far too long. I just had to remember how much better I'd feel when it was finally clean, and how much easier it is to upkeep a clean room than it is to clean a room that is this disastrous. It didn't hurt that I had a friend urging me along to keep going and helping me out.  If I can do it, I bet you can do it too!! Just take it one corner at a time!
Why I hate baking
I thought the picture said "saliva" and wondered why the hell you would do something like that. I had to read the comments to realize what was going on.
ily
Deepholm   /r/wowtrees is such a good idea because there are so many places in WoW that are fun to be around.  For example, while I am up in the clouds, I love to mine in Deepholm. The colors just trip me out and it's just so much more beautiful.