Ah! I just order mine from eBay, they were really cheap :)
That's true :) thank you. I hope they are okay though
This user has been deleted :( that worries me so much.
Expensive?
It's what every home needs!
I ordered vinyl stencils from a seller on eBay, he let me choose the font and size and them made them. It was a lot cheaper and safer than attempting to make them myself. _
naughty naughty rimmel!
I think I'm a crazy chihuahua lady, she's my baby. Sometimes I just stare at her whilst smoothing her because I think she's so beautiful haha
We don't have a yard, but it's easier with such a tiny dog. I hope you get a pet really soon! X
Thank you! isn't it just such an amazing feeling when you change something so simple as your makeup storage, it's like cleansing. I loved taking all my products and cleaning them and organising them. Afterwards I just stood and stared at it for a good 20 minutes, now and again brushing a hand over some of the things. I suddenly realised I was acting gollumesque when iI actually thought the words 'it's mine'  The skull is actually a car air-freshener from bath and body works that I stuck on an ikea plant pot to pretty up what i kept my makeup brushes in :D
I live in the UK! so thank god it's not a possibility. I shuddered just thinking of it happening.
Where are the Russian twists! those things are beast.
It's so pretty and vintage looking!   Here's mine - http://i.imgur.com/bfu3uz1.jpg
Bargain scents: my absolute favourite even over higher costing brands- Katy perry purr and meow, they smell like candy. Britney Spears perfumes also smell very sweet. Éclat D'arpege not a readily available scent where I am but it's beautiful   High end brands: Prada candy, says it all in the name.  Marx Jacobs dotty, daisy and honey.
His father wanted him to aim for a bakers dozen.
I enjoy workaholics a huge amount!
I LOVE chapter arts, if you like old movies i absolutely love going to bad film club, they play a bad, old movie and two comedians narrate over it and you get given haribo! then you have a delicious pint afterwards.  The yard often has live bands playing, i live on the taff trail and i'd say that's definitely the best place to cycle, it goes on and on and you cycle along the lovely river  hope i helped some how :)
I was going to ask if anything in the past few weeks had happened. Anything even that you may think is small.  I've also become the girl who wants to commit suicide, i went from the feisty, takes no shit, always positive and happy and excited girl. To the girl that doesn't see any hope and wants to commit suicide.   It's not our fault though, we're ill. Just because you can't see it doesn't mean we aren't. We are dealing with one of the most difficult illnesses there is, we're being strong by even trying to get better. I know that for me sometimes it all seems like a waste of time and that i'm not getting better, but people around me see little differences, i've asked them to start telling me, because knowing that people can see little changed spurs me on to try that little bit harder, which in turn helps me get a little bit better. I'm having a dip currently, but there is the tiniest bit of hope that i'll be back to where i was and continuing to try and get better. Maybe you could ask people to start doing that for you?  for now, i'm sat in bed eating chocolate and searching reddit. Letting myself be glum and down, because there's nothing wrong with it. It's just how i'm feeling.
Mine come and goes, it goes away but i think it's because you've experienced it? for me, trying to commit suicide felt almost spiritual, i felt high going to sleep because everything would stop. Getting better and happy made me realise how low i was and that it was and never will be the answer. I've tried once more since then because i'm suffering with severe depression again.   To me, it's almost like quitting smoking if that makes sense? if i'm feeling a bit sad or depressed or any emotion other than sheer happiness. I can see a packet of tablets and much like i imagine someone who has given up smoking i get this burst urge of 'take them, take them all' like another person egging me on. It shocks me.   Other times i can outright think it 'throw yourself infront of this train and everything stops'  I have hope that it does go away, once you get over it completely, once it starts to be just a bad memory other than a way out, ya know?
All looks so delicious! what a babe. Surprise snacks are the BEST kind of snacks
I was expecting so much from Dazzle Camouflage. Not gonna lie, a little disappointed it's only stripes
Yay us! :)
It's 4pm in the UK here, i didn't get up until the afternoon :/  Change always helps me too, but i'm not really sure what i could change at the moment. Whilst i LOVE my new job in a school, it's a new job so i'm having to make a super impression. To be honest my biggest pressure at the moment is my relationship. Counselling next week though after a 6 week break, so i'm just preying that starts to help me again. That's my main goal as well, i had a really shitty childhood, so i want to illuminate stress and give my child the best and happiest life they could have. My biggest kick in the teeth is my family is mainly females, and they are all as fertile as bloody cats, they stop taking contraception and BOOM bun in the oven.
I try to go to the gym 3 times a week and it helps with sleeping
Thanks so much. I woke up and cried this morning then when I got into work I remembered to check and all the comments really made me feel warm
Thank you :)
I called in sick most of the week, and hid away in the dark. Crying and screaming and stamping my feet and banging doors on purpose. Then trying to reign it in for when my OH gets home so he doesn't see how mental this is actually making me (little doses, he's a gentle soul haha)  I feel so pathetic for needing time off work, some months i can handle it, others i can't. Usually the months when my period is late, it screws with my head so much.  I'm sorry you're going through this too, where's our F'ing stalk when we need him eh? big hugs to you as well x
That's the worst part, the hope. I know I'm not pregnant, I've been here many times before and done test after expensive test, willing it to say positive only for my period to arrive, finally and I'm devastated.  So this time, no tests and no hope, I know I'm going to get my period and that's that, but it's not. With every hour, heck with every minute that goes past there is a little bit more hope.   What gets to me is the constant toilet trips I'm having to take because 'OMG it's finally here' oh no false alarm.
Well that's it, when I'm upset I can go to my friends and they listen and want to know why I'm feeling a certain way. They know how much I love him and so they just listen and are there for me. They don't push their opinions.   I'm not sure who he has to talk to, we both have his mum but he's so adamant nothing is wrong he just keeps saying 'I'm happy if you're happy'   He's also a gamer and he's started playing a lot more games, to escape I think? He's always gamed a lot but it's a LOT more recently.   I don't want him to be strong and silent and my hero, but if that's how he's not feeling really. I want to know if he's stressed or sad. Even if it's me that is causing it, how would I know if he doesn't tell me? He wants to fix everything for me, make me feel better, not give me any stress and not make me feel bad. Why would he think I don't want to do the same for him?
Oops! I didn't think it posted. Stupid phone.
He finally agreed to tests lady month but left it too late to tell us that the blood tests had to be taken a week before my period. So we had to wait another month.  We got the results and we didn't know what they meant so made an appointment.  When we asked he said the test was 'fine' I asked what that meant and he said 'it means they were fine' I told him I didn't know what that meant and that the test was to see if I was ovulating, because any tests I've done the second line is never as dark as the control line.  He said 'it probably means you are' and that was all the explanation we got.  We urged him to refer us or send us for further tests because something is clearly up, especially with my periods being so irregular now. He just kept saying everything was fine and we were young and had plenty of time so there was no rush.   When we left the receptionist asked if I was okay and I broke down, told her everything .  She has booked me in with a female doctor and told me I should never have been told two years because all doctors advise a year.   I'm so upset, I've spent two years feeling broken and devastated. Feeling alone even when my partner tried to comfort me or reassure me.  Counting down the day in the month to ovulation and then waiting for my period. Doing test after test and willing a second line to appear.   I'm still spotting, have been for 6 days. Extremely light pink discharge and still no real period.
Post rock's best please   Just after some epic sounding post rock to update my playlist