Your name says it all.
This subreddit is basicly c9 territory.
Yea you're right ofcourse but it just seems impossible to go. I mean i have 2 hours left until my bus leaves, basicly pulled an allnighter and my mom is also awake already telling me she will chop my head off if i don't go because she doesn't have enough money to pull me through all of this, which is true. Yet i'm convinced that i won't go. I really don't think i have the potential to be honest because right now im just acting like a self-destructive child who is also a big burden to his mom and whole family. Maybe i'm just still too egoistical... And i might not even care...fuck
Common hype is fun. Let us dream a bit. :)
I think you simply don't understand that kind of humor then. Have you ever watched an cabaret artist? They use insults, stereotypes and hypocrisy as jokes and people seem to get it. Saint has always been like this and it's very obviously just his kind of humor. I mean i'm from germany and also have some slight form of nationalism (aka german beer and cars are the best) but i still could grin about both statements saint made.
Could have, would have, should have...
I think your math is wrong since you didn't add in the fact that trading up battle scarred weapons cannot give you a minimal wear or higher quality weapon. The max quality you can get from battle scarred is field tested which has been proven here: http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=420402033  In which case the chance for getting a profitable pink skin in the Winter Offensive case [ST] by using only battle scarred ST's is 3/8 instead of 9/13.  However i don't really know if or how much throwing in a higher quality skin will change the chances to get something better than field tested.
This is what i want to know too. Acestream was so damn stable for the last race.
had the exact same average after 5 tries. 207 ... i've never played cs ever though so i don't think it matters
Pretty sure that level up saved Bjergsen right there.
I don't think you win 7 games in a row by being sloppy.
Spanish is pretty straight-forward, German however is terrible since it has 16 different ways to say "the". Also German does NOT have extremely simple grammar. In fact there are a lot of native german speakers who fail to use correct grammer all the time. Deutsche Sprache, schwere Sprache.  However i might need to add that most european languages are indeed easy to learn for native English speakers and vice versa since the languages are closely related.
HIKUUUUU
Bro i hope you won't forget me. ;)
That's just me. Always jumping to conclusions. :(
How can you tell?
Who is Apdo v1 on EUW?
Right? It even fit in perfectly. ;3
First time im doing this fantasy thingy. The other guy had no chance to begin with :p http://imgur.com/P5gcnwX
"nothing has changed" wait what? Everything has changed. Every team has gone through roster changes this year and only because ALL stomped last year doesn't mean that they automatically will do it again against different teams.
I think you are underestimating Gambit. Cabo is a monster who outclassed Zion every single game at IEM and Diamond is most definitely a tier above Santorin. Niq is consistent although he won't win lane on his own vs Bjergsen. Botlane is a wildcard since i don't really know how turtle and lustboy would do against a hyper aggressive botlane like p1noy+edward. But Gambit vs TSM is a match that i'd love to see...riot more international competition, please?
Maybe wait for the new GT3 RS?
All that this has teached me is that this community is a bunch of sissies like seriously, what exactly is scary about it.
What's so bad about this? It's just a spider with a bunch of baby spiders on it's abdomen. Even the person in the video doesn't look scared.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qn977W9HjWM
Amazing times for all People Who are in australia right now. I'm normally from Germany but now i get to see every game in the evening before going to bed. Thanks Based god.
Lord of the Rings, Star Wars, The Godfather, Forest Gump, The Lion King  It's pretty bad i know :(
Photek - The Third Sequence
Dude that Hochi Remix has a drop like none. Sick!
So how do they get out?
Decimal Bass - XTC
[Photek - The Third Sequence](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esHpGuBkGys)  [Xtrah - Soundclash](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9XN6t-HF8yk)  [Octane  DLR feat. Script - Set Up The Set](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_QpKaYVbtuQ)   ...aaaaaand some unreleased stuff:  [I Am Legion - Make Those Move (Teddy Killerz Remix)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d4P_lwiH9Hs)  Also look out for the record label Critical Music. They are putting out some real deep, intelligent but also dark tunes. And they sound more stylized and less muddy and hardcore than most of the dark dnb tracks, what i like.