Same happened and I had the game drop completely as if it never existed after trying to get into with the 'firewall bug'. Thankfully it was ARAM, but since then I've tried to play and the game keeps randomly failing to register mouse clicks and keystrokes for seconds at a time.
Added, info is in flair!  Also, if you need Eevee, I can trade you a caught Eevee from your own safari.
Also remember to turn off internet because O-bond expiration notifications will interrupt the walking.
D: Oh, it's you! On my frontpage!
I'm willing to purchase the 4 pack if you guys are still looking for people. I only want one copy for a friend. I'm in the u.s.
It would have been nice not to have this spoiler right in the title.
Loki decided she wanted to play too
The fruits of my labour this past weekend! Loki tanks!
Thank you so much! I'm so excited! :D
Wow. Okay. I am thoroughly creeped out. Mission accomplished.
I was just diagnosed with double depression a couple weeks ago, which is basically dysthymia with a major depressive episode happening on top of it. I had the same sort of realization as you a couple months ago when I realized that normal people do not actually feel the same way.  My experience with dysthymia has been mostly with my complete apathy. Currently, I only speak to two people regularly. I'm more of a loner and I tend to cut people out of my life easily. While, I'm not suicidal, I also feel like I'm not particularly attached to living. As in, I feel like I would not particularly care as to whether or not I wake up in the morning. I feel quite isolated as a person, although I usually thought this was just my personality since middle school to feel like I cannot relate to other people.  Consider talking to someone about this, especially your parents if you are close. Although I've never had a significant relationship in my life where I felt I could confide in another person, including my parents, I know it does a lot of damage to carry this kind of burden yourself.
This clip creeps me out just about every time. D:
I work at a research lab for medical device testing. I'd just want to point out that animal testing is not about "ooh, let's strap down this animal and stab it with a bunch of needles and sharp things because we like to see it suffer" like the media would to make it seem. A lot of people that I know in this type of work genuinely care about these animals and about making their lives easier during their stay here. Granted, I'm not saying this is true for every facility, but I think there are plenty more good facilities than the bad ones that tend to be overrepresented. To me, it's a necessary evil that's more about the choice of scientific progress over stagnancy because there's no way to create an accurate artificial model with what we know now (although that would be nice).  It's much easier to just label testing as a purely evil practice while personally enjoying the benefits. If it goes against your morals that much, then decline treatment that uses any pacemakers, any drugs, stents, prosthetics -- pretty much any medical device made and approved for use (including surgical tools and techniques that were tested on animals). It would do these animals a world of benefit if medical companies weren't so pressured from social backlash to keep testing hidden from the public eye.
[Heart Skipped a Beat by the xx](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DjUX2LESOpM)
Dead giant yellow hairy spider stuck on the other end of my straw when I pulled it out after finishing my drink at Harvey's.  Nope nope nope.
French fries and mayonnaise. Nomnomnom.
I went to work and brought cake for all my coworkers. And then I went out with my then-boyfriend and his best friend who had a thing for me to two mostly-dead bars. Very awkward.  The bartender did buy most of my drinks for the night though, so that was a plus.
I'm getting paid to be on Reddit right now. (:
I know some people who are very averse to sad music. I know for me, listening to extremely depressing music is a peculiar kind of catharsis. I hope you feel better soon. (:
I lost as soon as pelvic thrust guy started squeaking his way into frame.
Getting distracted by your own cleavage all the time. :D
Not unless you're that alien diva from Fifth Element..
It's funny that you say that because I was actually considering making a full Boba Fett armor this year to anonymously creep people out on campus for Halloween. Maybe I should really do it. xD
I don't know why this happens, because these types of people are the only ones that ever approach me. I don't really ever take initiative with asking guys out although I'll hang around them until they ask me if I'm interested.   Other types of guys have never really approached me though and I feel extremely awkward trying to go for people outside of what I'm familiar with. Usually I'm willing to give it a try if someone approaches me and I find them interesting and physically okay-looking. But right now this is the only type that I've been with, which is making me wonder if it's to do with my age group or if I'm putting out all the wrong signs.
Well, I only had one ex that was really into anime and even studied Japanese. You'd think he would have been more into me, but he actually showed the least interest. A good summation of our relationship would be that he never saw anything wrong with playing on his DS across the table from me when we went to lunch in public, leaving me to eat by myself on the other side in silence. The sad thing is that we met through the university Pokemon League. I really tried to make that one work because we had the same interests  and he was interesting to me for almost a year.  Another had a reputation of having that kind of fetish. And then another one developed an Asian fetish after dating me. One ex that cheated on me actually said that they hoped I'd never have the self-confidence to realize that I could be doing so much better.
My name is G G G G, baby baby baby. GD, GD, baby baby.
"Deoxygenated blood is actually blue cause our veins are blue too." "Aren't eggs a dairy product?" "Can penguins fly? I mean, they have wings."  All by the same girl in my introductory logic class. And I'm going to a supposedly "good" school.  EDIT: I forgot another one from my biology course. "If saliva breaks down starch, then why is it that a fry doesn't just disappear when I lick it?" I don't know. It's a close tie for whichever one's more stupid.
I gotta finance my 'Vette though.
Not really quite sure, I guess. I mostly have problems meeting people that I genuinely really want to get to know more. That and I tend not to go easy on friends. I have a tendency of cutting people off completely as soon as they do something I find morally despicable. So I guess I've been slowly whittling down my pool of friends.  That and I mostly like to spend my time alone, something which people don't seem to understand and take offense to.
Hamlet!
Couldn't agree more. Those eyes! *swoon*
For Asian hair, Gatsby Moving Rubber is your friend and can easily achieve that same sort of hairstyle. (: It's very easy to use too -- just take a little bit of it and rub it between your hands until it gets warm and then scrunch your hair with your fingers.