Beauty is subjective to a point. It's been well-documented that all cultures believe facial symmetry=beauty.  You have no idea what my personality is. You're arguing at me through the perception that I fit into the 'niceguy' category; I don't because I don't blame women for my problems as I don't blame myself. It just is the way it is.  You can tell who's a FA type right off the bat and usually you nope out before they get clingy/obsessive or downright nasty.  That's what you tell yourself, then? It's more likely that you mark those you deem unattractive as FA/trp/neckbeards/niceguys and then make excuses for the character flaws of better looking men.  You're arguing from the assumption that you and other people in relationships have 'good' personalities, which is utter bullshit. The fact of the matter is that people make concessions for the flaws they find in attractive people over the flaws they find in unattractive people.  Don't fool yourself. No one gives a shit about your 'personality'; they like you because you fit into a range of attractiveness determined by society. You really think you'd be such a 'good' person if you looked as I do?
I dunno,man.   In a way it's commendable that you've soldiered on so long because I know that if I hit 25 and I'm still the way I am, it's the rope for me. I just can't fathom living this sort of life for 33 years.
Just use it whenever you have two full, related clauses; if you've got a verb and a subject noun, your sentence is a clause (generally).
Muh jimmies, dey be rustling in the cool, autumn breeze.
If you truly believe "I know that if I dated an equally ugly girl, I'd be just as miserable as if I stayed alone..." then you are both and obviously have no interest in a relationship that contains more than sex   See, I always see this shit. People go on and on about how terrible it is that I'm not attracted to an ugly girl, but they never date them themselves. It's not like I think I deserve some supermodel; I just know that anyone that I could potentially date would not be attracted to me and vice-versa.   Why do you insist on patronising people like me by holding them to different standards to your own? I bet you don't  go around dating physically unattractive people, do you? When was the last time you dated a friend who was ugly? Or just some random ugly person.
I'm not a victim. I don't blame my problems on the world, I don't blame anyone for the way I look.  It's just the way it is. Fuck, why is that hard for people to understand?   It just pisses me off when people who have been spoon-fed social validation through no agency of their own talk to people like me as if the reason I didn't have that crucial foundation necessary for intimate relationships in the future was because 'I didn't try hard enough.'  And of course you respond with anecdotes. Whilst there has been concrete scientific study on phenomena such as the halo effect/ physical attractiveness' role in social interactions, there has been nothing to back up your 'friends who are ugly but married' but your word, likely coloured by a variety of external factors.   Look, if it makes you feel better about the world then keep believing that people's looks change don't how they are perceived, and that everyone is judged solely on their personality.
Ah yes. You're one of them self-deterministic types, eh? Would you say that to a deformed person? To a cripple? Of course not.   Well, matey, like how disabled people can't magically make their disabilities disappear, some of us aren't born aesthetically pleasing and no amount of nice hairstyles is going to fix that.  Thank the indifferent, random power of genetics that you weren't born like some of us, leave this sub and don't go thinking your position in life is entirely of your own doing.   Edit: The fact that these two numpties are being upvoted makes me a worried that this sub might not be for me any longer.
Wanna know what combat is like in Starmade?  There is no use for small ships; every ship you see is a gargantuan behemoth with enormous amounts of shields/guns/speed. Combat literally boils down to who can build the biggest ship.That's it. No manoeuvring, no clever building, no engineering custom weapons or ammunition.  And combat is all the game is really about, as you don't have to really worry about basic Newtonian physics/ resources all that much as :   a. There is no Newtonian physics, and b. Resources are so incredibly easy to come by ( stations, etc,) and building is as easy as Minecraft.  Meaning you can pretty much focus straight away on attacking other players, not balancing resources/build time like you need to in SE.  Sure, it has infinite worlds and logic implemented, but that's all it has over Space Engineers.
Dunno what Jackal is, really.   He just appeared one day and told me he'd stay for good. When I was little, he got me to break the spines of my sister's mouse which was pretty hilarious! I gave the mouse to him afterwards and he put it on his shoulder and said he was Blackbeard and now the mouse is still on there but it's teeth are really long now and I sometimes wake up to find it rolling around on my face,haha. The teeth scratch me sometimes.
I don't particularly give two shits if you don't think it's true or not.   It was a story told to me by my dad, not to you; I just thought I'd share it, but you know...yadda yadda circlejerk/hivemind, etc.   Next time try not to get all pissy because of the anecdote of some guy on the internet's father.
Yeah. Norwegian is related to English but Finnish is from an entirely different language family.
Never done it, I'm not much of a beach person.
Brings a tear to me eye.
Does this game still have a decent-sized playerbase?   Hey guys.  Was thinking of getting into a new MMO and saw this on Steam a while ago, but I'm worried that it might be dead.  Are there still large PVP battles as advertised and is the community large enough to not have me wandering around in a virtual ghost town?  Thanks.
Happy Birthday, big fella!
The story of the scar isn't all that interesting,really.   Basically, I went to put the bunny back in his cage and he used my arm as a springboard, ripping a sizeable chunk out of my arm with his bunny talons.  That wasn't what earned him his vicious reputation,though. He attained that through what he did to Hoolio, my mum's prized guinea pig. R.I.P Hoolio. :(
A surprisingly vicious rabbit.
Pfffft. Get your crazy talk outta here. I'll have you know,I enjoy my boar-chicken.
Sweet. Well, I've added you. You should get a request from Chezzprinn (dimitricatnikov). I won't be able to play just yet but I'll be on around Thursday.
Rust is incredibly fun when things are going your way, yet can be pretty frustrating sometimes. I personally haven't had any interactions with hackers but apparently they've been fairly prevalent on larger servers.  All in all,though, it has a lot of potential and can lead to a great variety of interactions.
Inbreads
Nice looking ship!
That was quite beautifully put, I feel as though I'm responding to Shelley's Monster, it reminds me of her style of writing and makes me realise how inadequate and ineloquent I actually am as a writer.  I am actually afraid to respond because I don't think I'd be able to do so with such sophistication, but you're right--I probably should have more empathy towards other people's loneliness, I do tend to forget that I'm not the only one who's hurting.  Thanks for that response,by the way. I always love seeing excellent word-smithing in action!
I second that.  I get that it's nice to have others layer you with compliments, but coming into a sub that consists mainly of young, lonely, possibly unattractive males as a moderately attractive female, in an effort to reap the attention it will undoubtedly bring, is a bit much.
Dude,can't you see they're 'le tr0llin' us? They're so witty,haha.
Ok,sweet. Thanks.
All good. I'm from Australia.
I found out that there is a group of non-pulmonic sounds in human language called ejectives which are pretty much sounds formed with little explosions of air afterwards; try saying 'p' but really forcing it out. I reckon that the fact that some language somewhere uses these as a  part of their everyday communication really awesome.^^^^ihavenolife
Yeah,that's probably it.   As I was getting towards the end of school I was getting more and more worried about missing out on the 'normal teenage-life milestones' that and so I probably figured "Hey, that girl was friendly to me earlier, I should have a crush on her. Maybe then I'll achieve what's expected to have been done by my age and become normal."  Pined over her for sometime but never really talked to her or did anything, and now I'm still holding myself to the fact that I missed my only chance to actually overcome my fear of women and be accepted into the wider 'class' of those who can establish intimate relationships with the opposite sex which in turn exacerbates my awkwardness and fear which in keeps me from allowing myself to even consider dating properly.   I'm now pretty much proper fucked when it comes to women and socialising in general. It's funny how one simple decision can fuck you over in the longer run,eh?
To be honest, I don't really know. Kind of a fear of being put on the spot mixed with general beta faggotry.
Sweet,cheers. :)
D: He's not a monstrosity;his name is Jooki and he's probably the friendliest river-burrower you could ever meet. Thank you so much for this, you have no idea how much this cheered me up.