There's no way you dated Jessica Simpson.
No, but the keyboards went missing.
Heh.
If only that were the case here on reddit or in the real world.
Boom.
As long as it gets shot from a satellite made of sapphire penis jokes.
So +2 sight for america or the UA is only active when you build your 'Empire Wonder'?   I think everyone's wonder would have to come at the same time or I'd have to wait for the industrial era to get the White House versus Egypt getting Tuts Tomb in the late ancient era.
Except for the fact that most rail lines (let's just go with in the US because you're probably from here anyway) are publicly owned ventures and in order to upgrade these systems they would need to raise fares, maybe taxes, incur construction delays, and all of the things that are really unpopular and cause more uproar than a derailment. Not to mention its cheaper to pay out a settlement than all the upgrades necessary.  But yeah, no its those damn unions.
The point of the statement is that the stated scenario is bs in part because of how the 7 uses a line to increase its worth.
Florida originally, Tennessee now. I'm taller and bigger than most people, but I haven't felt afraid of people. And I have been in some stupid situations.
Its mee-mee. So dank.
I just can't wait for the headline:   Nebraska man murders 11 in Death Penalty repeal protest, Receives life in prison.
I'm pretty sure its a joke.   Then again, the best conspiracies are the ones you think are jokes.
Holy shit dude. That's fucked up.
Its a warp field created by bending spacetime. Think of it like the Concorde program. They would have to get out over sea to avoid the sonic boom from breaking windows. And I said given the speed of light. I didn't exclude going faster.   I'm thinking logistics wise, not unbridled idealism.
Its copy-pasta.
I didn't get a degree in polisci, at all even, and trying to get people to listen to a logical statement about how their messaging isn't going to catch or they are being too one dimensional is fucking infuriating.   "I have a degree I know what I'm talking about." Yeah and you were wrong about shit three elections in a row. And the bullshit is that these were people who were at most a few years older than me.
I've done club security, if I had 2 people report this with me somehow missing it, dude or chick is on the street, I don't give a fuck who your daddy is.   If I see you with your dick out, I'm not only going to throw you out, I'm going to use your head to open the door as well.   It happens. People act like fucknuts when they are drunk.   EDIT: Everyone acts like they are 5 years old when you say the word "no."
"No, it won't help any."  EDIT: Fun fact, I had a 'mechanical engineer' tell me not to replace his 10k overdue Mercedes air filter because he knew it was fine.
Yeah. UP is 6 years old now. So is Fantastic Mr. Fox, The Hurt Locker, and District 9.   Jaycee Dugard was on the top of the news... yeah WHO?
It's OK, I know what you meant. I don't have an accent either.   I have a Corolla.
You don't know me, my background or what I believe towards how business and the state should operate. I haven't derided you in anyway, or inserted personal judgments in my statements. I'm looking at this from a logical point, and you keep trying to belittle me through statements that you have no proof for on top of attributing points of view that I haven't expressed.   Calm down, just because I don't agree with how this might work out, doesn't mean I am Satan incarnate.
I just wanted to share my holy crapness for my second city with you all.   Within the three tile range is as follows;   3 silk 2 salt 1 citrus 1 mountain within 2 of a city 1 banana 1 Deer Lake Victoria 3 Horses A metric fuckton of forest and jungle On a river And a partrige in a pear tree.  I really wish I could show you a screenshot but I'm not on steam and the graphics settings are at a minimum.
Why?
I'm not really complaining about the cleavage. The lack of any hint of emotion/ability to use facial muscles was hard to deal with.
Uh, yeah.  http://i.imgur.com/NX2yeqp.jpg
Tall and wide.   Yeah, I know, I'm a fat dude. Seriously, if you met me, you would be low on guessing my weight. For real.  I'm just drinking, and just saying. Sometime we seem 'smaller' than we measure.   Like for real, I'm 6'4" and 380. trust me when I say I look a lot less.   /r;/fatpeoplehate here I come. Trust me, I'm working on it. Just calling all the guys/girls who are bigger than they look.
For reference, that's supposed to be 1.6 km or right about a mile long.
At least I'm not the only one who likes it.
profile
Apparently, you'd have to be drunk half the time to be interested in me.   I know its a bit out of context for a lot of us, however I've been mostly free for a bit now, though I feel lie I'm starting to fall into depression again. (Bi-polar II / manic depressive since I was a kid.)   Back story; Met a lovely lady a year (around abouts) ago at a mutual friend's birthday party. Nice woman, perhaps a bit drunk, talked a while, facebook friends later.   Get to talking, she's pretty cool, works in graphic design, responds positively to advances, sexual exchanges including suggestive photographs even though she's in a relationship (I knew) plus she's 13 years older (I'm mature, she's immature).   We continue talking, life, love, sex all that, advances that she reciprocates to the extent of still being with someone. (Nothing ever happened though it very well could have. Yes, I know. Cheats with you, cheats on you.)  Around her birthday, her BF dumps her, kicks her out, for reasons that she either didn't tell me or he never told her. After a while she agrees to go to lunch with me and then the next week come over and let me make her dinner and watch a movie with drinks.   Week later, she has to skip dinner because she said she found out he cheated on her and was feeling sick as a result, then tells me later that week she has started seeing someone and that she is confused why I would be upset about this as she told me she couldn't date someone who worked at a bar or who was younger.   I didn't take this as she thought I would, and that she thought she made that clear before. Back and forth for a few weeks, things said in anger and with inhibition on both sides.   Anyway, I get past that, ask her how its going, blah blah blah, ask her about her drinking.   She says she stopped a few weeks ago. (lightbulb) I say good that she stopped drinking so much as it elt like half the times I talked to her she had been.   And of course, it appears she was.   Fucking of course, clearly no one could be interested in me unless they were drunk half the time. I don't even know why I try.   This is more of a rant about the slide of someone with the history of depression than the life of, But, IDFC shit happens.
That moment when you finally get that perfect idea. Also, coffee.   I've been working on a campaign for a local candidate and I needed to find a way to describe him in a tagline. So I was thinking about it all day Friday and off and on the week prior, and just chilled all weekend. So this morning, I woke up had some breakfast, went outside for my coffee and a smoke and as I'm finishing both, BOOM.   It's perfect. Simple, progressive, clear, and wraps him in a neat little envelope.   FUCK YEAH.