I was able to get it working.  The list is here:  https://groups.freecycle.org/group/Desmoinesfreecycle/posts/all   Everything under my screen name.  It's just some little stuff here and there.
I mean this is cool and all, but still VERY dumb.  Hopefully none of you Redditors get any similar ideas.  9 times out of 10 he'd be shot and possibly dead.
You applied to some pretty good schools and don't have a lot of work experience.    Without knowing other key things about your profile (race, gender, undergraduate major, undergrad institution, quality of recommendations, quality of essays) I can say I'm not surprised.  Get more work experience and bump your GMAT up or apply to lower tiered schools.
If only they'd do vanity pricing like they do vanity sizing.  I ordered some pants from them and it was ridiculous how big they were given the measurements.  Why do they assume men need vanity sizing?
I gotta save this.  I actually busted out laughing.
I wholeheartedly agree.  I've went through something similar and eventually just learned that I will have some good days and some bad days, but life goes on.  There is no magical moment when you just up and stop feeling emotions for someone you had a deep connection with for years.  It doesn't work like that.  But you get *better*... and that's all that really matters.  Once I stopped searching for that feeling of completely being over it my life improved.
I think you should change the name to Looktastic.  Lookastic sounds weird when I say it out loud.  Otherwise, I like it.  Also, how do you sign up?  I wanted to see where to buy some of the clothes.
He really is.  I'm just glad I got put onto him.  You should check out his shows, dude is a great performer as well and since he's indy he's approachable too.  I chopped it up with him for about 20 mins after a show he had in Minneapolis.  Told him to keep making the music and his time will come.  Some of the songs like "Walk Away" and "Fool" should easily be the backdrop for a somber scene in a movie.
What?  I've posted that link once.  And I'm not even white!  You got the wrong person.
we tell the race baiters and the white guilt crowd to sit down. Segregating people and creating different rules by the color of their skin has never in the history of mankind produced a favorable result.  Read this:  http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/1plkvj/risky_question_why_is_black_face_as_part_of_a/cd3kxjh   It's the best explanation I've read on it.  I'm sorry you don't agree and want to ignore history but the fact remains that it isn't so simple.
Proof?
This.
Wow, I've never seen the full version of this gif until now.
sauce?
I know them feels.  *bro hug*
Lies.
As someone who has been there before and held on way too long, I implore you to find SOMETHING... ANYTHING... to put your mind and energy to.    Whatever it is you've always wanted to do, put your time into that.  Ever wanted to learn the guitar?  Go for it.  Ever wanted to learn how to code?  Well now all you have it time.  Trust me, it's the only way.  Because the only thing that's going to help is time and you might as well use the remaining time you have as efficiently as possible.  You MUST do this because the alternative is you could look up and still be miserable 2 years from now.  It's going to be tough but stay strong.  Eventually she'll be just a memory and it will be hard to feel any emotions about the situation.
Whoa, just let me say that I completely feel for you.  Me and my ex of seven years broke up when I was 28.  After all the ups and downs it was just over.  Like you she was my first 'serious' relationship and the first female I truly loved.  I wouldn't wish that kind of heartbreak on ANYBODY.  It's been almost two years and we're still cool but it still hurts.  I've had a girlfriend since then but I wasn't ready so I ended it.  All I can say is that you gotta try to do what you can to stay focused and give yourself time to heal.  The late breakups suck because by this point in your life you're thinking marriage and a family.  To have the person that you had in mind for that end it with you is a huge shock to your life.  Honestly, when I read posts from 18-22 year olds on here I can't help but chuckle.  They have so much life ahead of them and are way too young to be worried about it.  But I've also learned that getting your heart broken is HARD no matter how old you are.  Like they say, the first cut is the deepest.  I feel like I'm rambling but even though i'm only a couple years younger than you, understand that time heals everything and you STILL have time.  If you have a good circle of friends you can count on that will speed up the process.  I didn't have that.  Most of my friends went through this years ago and are married or heading towards it.  Reading articles and reddit posts with other people's experience helped me a lot.  PM me if you want to talk more.
What you're saying makes a lot of sense.  I think I don't need medication because I'm not severely depressed or suicidal.  I still have my bouts but I was fine for the most part after withdrawing.  It's only an issue now because I've went through a major heartbreak and its sending me into episodes more than normal.  I don't want to do meds but if things get worse I may have to.  Being dependent on meds is my biggest fear though.  :(
That's awesome.  What does it look like during regular use?
I'll give it a try.
Make sure you're doing this for the right reasons and not because you feel "dreadful."  Also, be prepared for an outcome that may not be what you desired.  I'm interested to see how it goes because I've been on both sides of this situation.
Wow.  I know you in real life.  Small world.  I'll give this recipe a try.
Can you really teach someone HTNGAF?   I like what this subreddit represents and all, but I feel like not giving a fuck is either in you or it isn't.  The guy that got dumped by his ex on Valentine's Day isn't going to all of a sudden stop being depressed because of a few words on here.  It takes multiple failures and an internal resolution to get to that point.  And the time it takes for that to happen is different for everyone.  Most people have to get to a point where they decide *"enough is enough!"* and change their life.  I'll leave you with a quote from Anthony De Mello.  It's in the context of relationships but I think it applies here:   "It didn’t make sense to me for many years until I suddenly discovered  that people have to suffer enough in a relationship so that they get disillusioned with all relationships. Isn’t that a terrible thing to think? They’ve got to suffer enough in a  relationship before they wake up and say, “I’m sick of it! There must be a better way of  living than depending on another human being.” And what was I doing as a  psychotherapist? People were coming to me with their relationship problems, with their  communication problems, etc., and sometimes what I did was a help. But sometimes, I’m  sorry to say, it wasn’t, because it kept people asleep. Maybe they should have suffered a  little more. Maybe they ought to touch rock bottom and say, “I’m sick of it all.”  **It’s only  when you’re sick of your sickness that you’ll get out of it.**  Most people go to a psychiatrist or a psychologist to get relief. I repeat: to get relief. Not to get out of it"
Why is it so hard to find Spanish movies with Spanish subtitles?   Puedo buscar peliculas en ingles con subtitulos en espanol pero no puedo encontrar peliculas en espanol con subtitulos en espanol.  Sin embargo hay muchas peliculas en espanol con subtitulos en otras lenguas.  Can anybody help?  I'm willing to pay.  This goes for official dvd releases as well.  Oh yeah I used both *buscar* and *encontrar* in the passage above because I'm not sure which one I should've used.    I also have a hard time finding subtitles for English movies dubbed in Spanish.  The ones I find are slightly off.  The actors are using a script so I'm sure the proper version exists somewhere.
http://imgur.com/a/q7b1v  It's just a start.  I got bored one day at work and ran with it.  I'm sure someone else could do a MUCH better job.  My logic was to create a basic avatar comprised of cells that I could fill in with the colors of clothes I actually own.  This allows me to get an idea how colors work together when layering.  The downside is that its very hard to get patterns (plaid, etc.) in Excel.  Also, I had to make my best guess as to find the closest color to khaki and the jeans I own.
I feel your pain.  I'm in a relatively small city and I feel like I have very few occassions to show off my nice clothes.
Thanks.  I will keep this in mind.
...said Walter White pre-cancer.
SHIA THE BUFF!
my credit is shot due to the holidays  Wait... what?!? How does that happen?
Wow.  You've given me much to think about.  I don't think i'll have to deal with that worst case scenario situation but I can't predict the future either.   I still want a townhouse but I will now expand my search to houses as well.  Since buying a snowblower and paying someone to do my lawn will be cheaper in the long run anyway.  Thanks.