It's such a great feeling when you start helping yourself! We're all proud of you!
I've been hearing about how different products treat acne at different levels of the skin. How accurate is this? So I'm using an AHA now and I'm getting a few whiteheads popping up, and I read that those are pimples that were just below the surface, but if I want to treat all of the underlying acne I need to add a retinoid. So...will I still get acne even using an AHA and BHA? It grosses me out thinking about acne lying underneath the surface of my skin.
I really think it depends on your skin. I think a lot of the time when people argue against lots of products, it's because if they did use a bunch of products one of them was probably causing breakouts/irritation. More products = more chances of your skin responding poorly, especially if you have sensitive skin.  My routine is pretty long because I have lots of things I want to fix. Layering products has helped not only with my acne and skin texture, but my skin is so hydrated and I never have issues with dryness or oilyness like I did before when I did nothing for my skin.   Skin is very personal. I use lots of different products and it works good for me because I have slowly added them in - it's taken maybe half a year to get to this point? Some people want a short, quick routine, and that's fine!
Well, I saw my psychiatrist a few weeks ago and she advised me to not avoid social situations due to my anxiety, so I generally go out whenever someone asks me to...but it hasn't helped. I'm still really, really nervous all the time. And I get really depressed unless I'm drinking. Sigh. It just annoys me because I feel like most of the professionals I see have no clue what I'm going through.
Another thing to think about too is that when you start doing makeup you make mistakes and you experiment and your technique should, theoretically, improve. But if you're surrounded by people who are constantly praising you regardless of how terrible it actually looks, you won't get better. This is one of those times I'm actually thankful I have a family full of blunt assholes who would not hesitate to make fun of my raccoon eyes or my weird, too dark eyebrows or my spider eyelashes.
RAVE: Just bought the sample pack of the Innisfree Green Tea line. I absolutely love how this stuff smells. The green tea seed serum is awesome. The cream is also excellent. It was worth it just from the smell. I really want to try the green tea sleeping pack but it's all a little expensive for me right now. I went a little nuts and picked at my face (I know...) and these products helped soothe everything.   I also just sampled the AHA toner from Silk Naturals and I'm really loving it! It doesn't cause me to break out and it works really nicely. I will probably order a full bottle and incorporate it into my daily routine.
Lmao a sword? What a twat.
This is hilarious!
I didn't imply shit with that comment. It was a question. Asking, who would it be untrue for? It's like, oh, you know, getting limbs amputated is a traumatic experience. And then someone says, that's not true. And I would be in awe and say, untrue for who!?  I then said miscarriages are PHYSICALLY traumatic. For everyone. I am not a fucking victim, are you retarded? It's irritating that I'm getting blasted for believing miscarriages are a huge deal, which apparently, they aren't. I haven't had a miscarriage. I haven't gotten an abortion. Excuse me. And I can fucking swear if I god damn please. It's the fucking internet.   That isn't what I said at all honestly. I'm fucking impressed by the level of argument I'm receiving here, but it's bullshit.
Haha every person I ask IRL says blowjob! But I mean, I give those regardless of the day, so it's not super special! I would definitely prefer something fancy, I'm thinking the meal is a good choice.
Lol this gif is adorable!
That's so true. I'm starting to be more active on the routine thread in helping people with product suggestions, but it's hard because something may break someone out that works for me! I guess it's always good to say your mileage may vary!
Okay, I'll stick to my BHA once a day and see how that goes. I'm not currently using an AHA because the Alpha Hydrox broke me out. It was 10% so it's possible it was just too strong and irritated my skin. I might try the St. Ives pads since they aren't as strong!
So my eyelids tend to get quite dry as well, and the only thing that worked for me was to apply my regular moisturizer, which for me is cerave in the tub, and then apply a light layer of vaseline on top of that. This has eliminated the tight feeling and flakiness I had!   I generally only have to apply the vaseline at night, but sometimes I do it in the morning as well.
So organized! I love it. I've heard so many good things about Sulwhasoo! I might add their Overnight Vitalizing Mask to my wishlist...
I agree with trying the Gold Bonds rough and bumpy, I went through two tubs of that stuff, it smells great.   Right now I'm trying the Cerave SA repair cream with 2% salicylic acid. It's working great! I'll apply that about every other day, then use a fragrance free body lotion, right now I'm using vaseline intensive care at least once a day.   Also, I use exfoliating gloves to physically exfoliate my body. You might want to check out /r/ladyshavers for some tips on shaving. I personally switched to a double edge razor and I use a fresh blade very frequently. I also find if I use mineral oil to shave my legs are quite a bit smoother.   Good luck!
LOL that is a hilarious image, and it's so true! My SO currently will just be like, do you want to have sex? I told him maybe he should try being romantic, and he tried really hard and it was super, super cute. He even said, "I'm trying to romance you." I laughed so hard. The fact that he tried was adorable. I think it's the effort that matters, and when a woman says she isn't in the mood it's like a cue saying, hey, be more romantic or caring! We should definitely communicate better too though.
I just met my friend's new girlfriend and literally one of the first things she said to me was, "I don't get along with other girls." Like what the fuck? Bitch I don't even know you, and already you're like, I'm not going to get along with you. I really feel like those types of girls are just really insecure.
What's the product called if you don't mind me asking? Sounds really nice!
Damn! I gotta order some next time I put in a purchase on Amazon.
Haha mine did too! One of my favorites!
AM: Splash face with water, cerave in the tub and Neutrogena sunscreen spf 30.  PM: Remove makeup with mineral oil, Cerave gentle foaming cleanser, Neutrogena stress control with 2% salicylic acid toner, cerave in a tub moisturizer, Burts bees spot treatment with tea tree oil.   I introduced these products one at a time, been using this set up for three weeks. I have normal skin but I have a lot of closed comedomes which I want to get rid of, and I tend to get breakouts only on my chin and right underneath my chin. I was considering adding in a BHA but not sure which one to pick! I also want to reduce the appearance of SFs on my nose.   Thanks!
I was going to say that too! Love her hair.
You guys are adorable.
I would use the keto calculator in the side bar and only put in a small calorie deficit. When I started, I had a calorie limit of 1600, which was good for me because I was full enough despite still having cravings. Now I eat around 1200-1400, sometimes more if I want to indulge.   What kind of foods do you eat? If I find myself hungry I usually eat a handful of almonds or I make fat bombs. The large amount of fat makes my stomach happy and I am way less likely to binge. I still track everything to be sure I'm under my carb limit.   Good luck. I tried keto a few times before but only recently did I start it and stick to it without cheats. It might take a few runs to figure it all out.
It's my 17th day of keto today! Can't believe it's already been this long, and I can't believe I have faithfully stuck to it.  I finally got the internet at my new place, so I'm going to spend tonight gaming and making low-carb pizza! Super excited.
I can't speak for everyone but I felt very little of the side effects of initially being in keto. I took a magnesium and potassium supplement and drank lots of chicken broth to keep my sodium intake high.   I planned meals so that I wouldn't cheat and made sure I was drinking enough water.   Honestly, there will always be reasons not to do keto. There will never be a perfect time to start. Might as well just dive right in.
I totally feel you because I do the same thing. I think just not looking at progress pics would be helpful.
Awesome! Thanks for the reply :)
Haha. Sounds like a bunch of bullshit to me.
My brother buys into all of that. He's incredibly intelligent though, so sometimes when I have a talk with him, just me and him, we have rational discussions about feminism, life, women, dating, etc. I think he is into most of it for the shock value.  He still believes feminism is destroying our culture. And I can't change that. I think the best thing to do is to just voice your opinions on it if he brings it up. But if he inevitably decides to keep thinking the way that he does, you can't change that.   My brother will always be a bit of an oddball but in the end he's my brother. He treats me and my mom with respect (most of the time, anyway). I think he's just going through a hard time because he's had bad experiences with women. He was with a girl once who ended up having a fiance the whole time they saw each other. So I try to listen to him and help him see my way of thinking.
I got that reaction too. He also had issues with me not being "comfortable" enough for him in bed. He had issues with me because I wouldn't let him go down on me. Well, the girl he cheated on me with sure liked it, which I guess is a good enough reason to throw a five year marriage away.   Good on you for leaving that situation. I've been depressed for God knows how long and every day he isn't in my life I feel better emotionally.