Annnnddd now I'm crying.. :'(
Progress!!   I quit swimming my freshman year of HS (it's been 5 years), but recently I've been wanting to get back in shape. I was a decent swimmer when I was competitive, so it hasn't taken too long for me to get back to where I was. I got in the pool 4 weeks ago, and I've been swimming 4 times/week and today I swam 2200 yards (in sets), and timed a 30sec 50 (without a start). Feels good man!
Onyx. Boss name.
You haven't been to r/Ladyboners before, have you?
Anyone remember him from 7th Heaven?
Mmmm. Damn.
indeed.
This sounds exactly like someone I know...
Hipster cat.
That would be awesome, but if the past is a lesson, I'm not counting on it :/
Pennsylvania here
D'awwww! It's so cute, I'm gonna die!
Agreed. I mean how can you say no to that face?
OHHHH SHIT LIN! YOU BEND THAT METAL!
I think aquamarine would do well also.
I have to agree with you. I think this is the case because we followed Zuko's progression as much as Aang's, but 1)Zuko went through more change personally which made him more appealing towards the end, maybe? 2) We all knew Aang would fight the Firelord; that was never a doubt. However, Zuko's fight with Azula was more uncertain throughout the series since Zuko's loyalties were in question all the time. So, it was more surprising I think when it came right down to it when it was time to fight her (not to mention satisfying to see her get her ass beat - the crazy bitch...). 3) Last thing is the personal aspect. They were brother and sister. They knew each other and had a connection through their shared past (twisted yes), but Aang and Ozai were not personally invested in their fight (yes, Aang probably was, but Ozai definitely was not).
What about Suki??
You know, that would freakin' awesome! I want that to happen now!
Spirit World Aang...? I think so.    This may have been mentioned, but I think we're gonna be seeing Aang again in the Spirit World. This makes me super happy and if we don't see him, I will not be having a good time.
Those geodes are awesome!! I catalogue fossils at school, and we have nothing like that...
I see your point about Agravaine. He needs to go if Arthur is going to succeed.  However, what I dislike about him is that he acts like a leech. He doesn't act independently and needs Morgana to tell him what to do to get his own revenge. If he was a real villain, he would act on his own accord and not on someone else's.  And you know that once he is exposed, he's just gonna run away like a coward.
Foul Bachelorette Frog
I can make a clover with my tongue.
Nice one. You would be correct. I am a teenager, but I've been driving for 2 years.
I imagine cat people are a little more introverted and therefore, go on the internet (and post about their cats), whereas dog people are more socially active and go out instead of go on the internet.
Well, I can say from experience that the mother probably has had a huge influence in how your daughter feels. I lived with my mom for most of my life. My mom hated my dad too and I grew up thinking I should hate him. I learned later that a lot of things my mom said to me were only half-truths. I don't know the whole story with you, but the mom could have something to do with it and your daughter is a teenager now. You rarely see her, so she can easily use you as a target for her anger. Teens are nasty sometimes. Is there anyway you could collaborate with your daughter's mother to work something out? It seems like you aren't on good terms with her, but in the interest of your daughter, maybe something can be worked out.
This has a resemblance to the island depicted in Harry Potter.
ostentatious
I don't think anyone understands the amount of excitement I have right now. And for goodness sake, who on earth would down vote this???
It's beautiful!! You're a lucky person..
You know what they say about big dogs...? Short life spans.
That is freaking nasty. Ew. However, its the little ones that'll kill you.