Awesome will do, I'll see how it goes! :)
Yea of course man that'd be sweet! I currently live on an island and internet is just mobile so I'm fairly out of touch with stuff at the moment! Cheers
Awesome I'll look in to those, looking for something anonymous in case people prefer that. Cheers!
Why? Why possibly take on the responsibility of someone else's life?
Yes please
Please help   I just need someone to talk to, I'm so fucking lonelyI just need some advice and help :(
What is the video where the guy gives the girl a valentines day card (or similar) then breaks up with her and knocks it out of her hands?   I dont know if this is the right subreddit, point me in the right direction if I'm wrong but thanks for the help regardless! I've searched and searched and cannot find it.
Wow, this is actually real in USA? W-w-w-w-whaaattttt... To me it seems like a Harry Potter exhibit but it's a story and exhibit for in denial grown ups..
I had the same thing (different medication though) where I felt nothing at all and the days were just going by and I didn't feel much, so I dropped the amount I was taking back to what I use to take just so I could feel something but now I feel sad and wouldn't mind feeling nothing at least just for a little bit it doesn't feel like a fun game to play.
37.. Time to get help again I guess :/
Wow you've put this really well unfortunately I feel like I can relate, I hope you and everyone else who feels this way can find something, someone to make them feel like they belong.
I'll format it on that when I get home and update :)  I was hoping to oc the cpu I've heard people can get around 4.5ghz from the 2500k? So that's why I thought maybe a better cooler?  What speed RAM should I be looking at? 1333/1600 etc  I'd probably prefer front-side usb 3 as well just for convenience.  Cheers!
HORNY GOAT WEED
SO MUCH VAGINA
HAHA PWNED
WOW
WOW SO PRETTY
NO FUCK THESE PEOPLE, THEY SHOULD BE KING HIT ON THE WAY OUT HAVE SOME RESPECT MOTHER FUDGERRRSSSSS
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAA
hahahahahaahahhA
WOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
HEY I JUST MET YOU AND THIS IS CRAZY
It is indeed.
Hi Scarlett and Oliver
Haha, amazing
Wow nice car, would love one of these one day but soo much $$ in the land down under haha
But maybe if you could go back to the new 12 year old you might tell yourself to try different things don't stick to one? Don't mean to offend just a curious thought :) 0_o
So its okay for her to be pressured into sleeping with the guy? I'm not saying that's what happened, I'm just trying to work out if she was taken advantage of, or if she cheated at her own will.. He doesn't have to beat the guy he can just threaten to report it to the cops and see what the girls thinks about that maybe she was forced and was too scared to say anything the whole thing seems odd to me.
Good I hope it all works out for you which ever way the story unfolds its just for the time being and things will get better in the future. Good luck!
Bit different but I'm a soccer player and have some pretty decent ball/foot skills and I once dropped a glass and managed to save it on my foot and flick it back up made me feel pretty badass too.
Sailor Moon
Should be a new meme, Shit Cunt Craig, bones your girlfriend then takes you both to the movies -_- tough break man