Puppy face! Car ride happies
Reddit meet Anakin! Hes so sleepy!
Procaliber.com sells new oem parts that arent too expensive.  I bought a left faring for my 08 zx6r and it cost about 150$ you have to order the heat shield pads as well but all very inexpensive imo
I absolutely love it
Wow.  You're amazing! You've seriously inspired me to get back at running and lifting. And recording what I eat.  Can i ask though. When you were dieting and only running did you use protein shakes or not till after you started to lift too? Also did you keep up cardio once you started to lift?
It's broken too haha cracked on the right side and the back is missing.
A dog with parvovirus
Kevin Bacon
[Question] Lowering A Motorcycle. Pros? Cons?   Hello everyone, I've been thinking about lowering my bike recently. I bought it last March and rode it all summer as it was. (standard height) However that being said. I am 5'2 small female and ride a Kawasaki ZX6R 2008. Its quite tall, I have to tip toe on stopping and sometimes it makes me feel really uncomfortable. I know that lowering a bike will change it geometry and make it different while cornering. But say lowering an 1'-.5' would it make a big difference? Or should the bike just be left in stock suspension. Something I've been thinking about for a while. Considered it all summer while I rode it. Though now its off season and I've been thinking about spring a lot and lowering the bike. So whats this community's general consensus. Any advice would be much appreciated. Thank you!
Emily, Sarah,  Jessica,  Khalessi, crystal, John, Chad,  Bob,  George,  Jesse
I'm online in Ontario, Canada.  Downloading a game from the store as i type.
True.
Tick or treating
Check etsy
miss_kissta
Last xmas gift done just in time
I have one that says "the last enemy that shall be destroyed is death" surrounded with a golden snitch. Not sure it's unusual but it's certainly not common. My quote anyway.. Edit i plan on adding to it as well c:
This happened to me at work. A coworker (that i dont like really) has asked me numerous times to knit her mittens.  I just stand there and dont say anything.  I would never knit anyone anythjng unless I'm at least their friend.  It takes so much time to do anything. Especially for me since I've only knit 2 scarves, and working on a 3rd for my sisters xmas gift..
Yeah i work night shift.  It wasnt that bad going to work, but home the weather said it would be plus 2. They lied lol i froze yeppp
The pic was taken at Algonquin Park
As a girl i still had a nice giggle when my odo hit this today lol pulled over to snap that photo c: 2 boobs are better than 1
Team green. My baby c:
Leaving work in the morning
Loved this game the most too. Wish they would do a 3DS remake or something
Personally i liked twilight princess a lot better. Skyward sword was just bleh. I was super disappointed by the game overall. I think it was annoying having to buy everything and constantly fly around back to the main city. I just came out of the game not liking it at all. All the other ones ive played a million times, that one i probably wont even finish. What I really just don't like is the motion controls. I feel like i'm flailing around. I don't have a wii u yet, but I was hoping that they would mostly do away with that, or at least make an optional control to no have to swing remotes around.
Tbh i have ridden both ninja 250 and ninja 300 and i far prefer the 250. It was an excellent starter before i moved on to the 600
Just the track to be honest. The bikes were fine. It was super twisty... Not used to that and i felt nervous of the eyes on me and other riders
I'm pretty new to knitting this scarf and the other Gryffindor one I made are my first creations hah...  I believe I used a 16" round needle for the entire scarf. Used a crochet hook to place the tassels. As for the yarn I just picked two colours I liked of the same thickness. I used different thickness for the Gryffindor one than the slytherin same needles though I prefer my scarves to be knitted in the round that way they are double thick with no ugly side c: I can provide the knitting pattern if anyone is interested.
took an xray of a snake at work, thought you lovely snake lovers would enjoy it as much as me c:
Well we also sedated him c:
Thanks c:
I work at a zoo as a veterinary technician and I also do animal husbandry ect. All the animals at my zoo receive a very high level of care. There's very careful guidelines that have to be followed to remain a member of caza! We clean daily, sometimes more then once, feed multiple times and different ways and provide extra enrichment daily as well all the animals I work with daily are very happy and well cared for. Medical issues are dealt with by the veterinarian right away. I can't speak for all zoos but the one I work at is great.