All men pay for sex.  I start reading this sentence and those following it in Butters's voice in the Bottom Bitch episode. "He has to listen to her motherfucking problems because she kisses him!"
I'm glad FPHers are getting some of the wittiest insults I've seen, but I resent the fact that this photo was posted to /r/funny. :( At first I thought the title might have been totally unrelated (maybe because of her expression) but noooo it had to be about her having a heavy bf. Yeah that's REALLY funny. /s
Nothing.
Aww that is just adorable... I am a cat person but I'm so envious of people who live with dogs whenever I see something like this.
This is awesome. thank you!
Whiterun sides with the imperials actually.
Could be the sewer leading to the Black Briar Meadery. It's an optional task and I found it after slaughtering all the mercenaries. ... I'm not a subtle person.
I was surprised that some people found it cheesy. I loved that dialogue. people always say "hey nothing personal, no hard feelings right" It was personal to me you dick.
Agree completely. He's someone I'd find obnoxious and extremely rude in real life (like many fictional characters) but is hilarious on screen. I also don't like how they casually wrote him off saying he left the country with the girl who had a baby for another job or something.
I had to stare to make sure if it wasn't just optical illusion. He looks healthy otherwise! Get ready to be ruled over by this little cutie, OP! :D And do keep us posted! I would love to see his progress pics as he grows.
So unique! It looks great as it is, but do you plan to colour it by any chance? Missandei in particular looks like she'll look even more beautiful with some vibrant colours.  By the way when I read the title I was like "NOO Missandei wouldn't steal Dany's man!" XD
I kind of smile remembering Lilly Allen's song about her brother. If that song bore any truth he came a long way. I've always enjoyed his scenes, whether they were heartwarming (with Robb) or utterly despicable (Winterfell siege). Really well-rounded. His Reek performance feels so genuine, I want to buy him a good cup of tea and tell him he can still make things right. ... though knowing GRRM I don't know where he could begin...
I completely agree. As someone mentioned here I used to play the Sims like crazy and this dlc is perfect for me.  What's that, Serana? You want me to follow you so we can defeat the evil vampire lord? Sucks for you, have to go to Half Moon Depot to get lumber.
Oh wow thanks for explaining it in detail. I know pretty much nothing when it comes to baking. If you had told me it was sorcery I wouldve taken your word for it XD I'll be sure to try this!
I think the shift in perspective stirred the people the most.   They first thought he was just a timid but nice guy who needed encouragement. Hence all the advice and gilding. And then they found his other comments. People now feel like they've been fooled and think the guy was faking innocence.   I don't think the guy feigned anything in his first comment, but I do think he's been unable to meet women (or make friends at all, since he points out in one of the comments) for a reason attributable to himself rather than extraneous causes.
I haven't tried out extreme group compositions like 3 grave robbers, but I do love the class (as my flair denotes!)   I usually get lunge, dagger throwing, shadow stun (it's been a while and skill names fail me), and lastly whichever skill that suits the dungeon. I've found her accuracy and dodge modifiers to be very useful, more so because she deals a significant amount of damage + crits at the same time (as opposed to the Crusader's and the Leper's skills which take up one full turn without attacking the enemies).  But her elixir and poison dart skills are far from my favourites. Wish the devs would rework those skills :(
Holy crap... That is amazing. Congrats. I still have so much to go!
Whenever the show/book presents this kind of predicament I usually have my own answer about how to handle things but damn, this one really left me at a loss for words. Even from Jon's POV too in terms of trying to convince him.   It almost feels like Mance would've been murdered by one of the wildlings that felt betrayed and thought he sold them out, even if he had taken a knee. :( It was no win situation for him all around...
I have never met you and yet I had the biggest smile on my face as I read your post. I missed the first one but I'm so glad I got to see both today! I'm as old as your bf (albeit I'm a girl and straight) and am in a relationship and yet I'M SO JELLY 3 I feel like hugging you, screaming in joy alongside you, do other kind of nonsensical stuff in celebration. I wish you guys all the best!
Guess that's where Fantastic Mr. Fox settled!
I remember there was another SRD with people asking OP for the original source when he changed captions of an ad and he got really defensive. He ended the conversation by saying something along the line of "whatever, I'm going to bed and have sex. Bye, losers". So this is what it boils down to in the end? Apparently no one else on the internet is having sex besides these guys?  I get they want to just end the argument. Sometimes people just can't come to an understanding or compromise at all. But to go out with that "doesn't matter, I'm having sex" remark... He may be in his late twenties but his mindset doesn't seem mature enough to consider marriage.
That looks beautiful. I've always wanted to get something like that (for instance Aragorn's Anduril) but I feel like it would seem so out of place in my otherwise very plain room :s
"Mine."
"You don't need to know anything else other than to adore and serve me."  Which is probably correct. XD
I'm so sorry you lost him... I can't imagine how difficult it must be. I'm sending you a lot of internet hugs... I hope his siblings give you some solace.
Oh yeah, completely forgot about Drake and Baron! I do like his relatively high sustain and slow with e but he seemed (at least to me) to be lacking in offensive powers before. I guess they could be made up by other laners. Looks like Nunu will make a comeback :)
Thanks for a detailed response! I'm playing from Korea so the distance is the main issue. I didn't have a lot of ping problem in S3 - early S4 (stable 150-180 range.) And since I'm using a cable and have no siblings or family members that download lots of porn (or anything big) I think I can rule that out.  I'll look into the VPNs you mentioned! :)  Edit: I tried out Pingzapper and they didn't allow me to run the League with a trial version so I purchased the cheapest package to see if it works. I gave it a go at work and it seems to cause firewall-related problems. It did have an option to bypass security, but it didn't work. I will try the program again later at home.
Hugs. I love her coat pattern and white socks. I'm sure you and your mom made a loving home for her. Hopefully she'll be having a lot of fun with other kitties in heaven until you guys get to see her again.
She is beautiful! It kind of hurts my ego because I'd like to think my cat is the most handsome cat in the whole wide world...  Edit: Wow so much hostility for just posting a link to a picture of my cat. Link removed.  Edit2: The link is back up in one of my comments below. Again I'd like to clarify I didn't want to steal attention away from OP or want people to affirm my (jokingly said) statement about my cat being the most beautiful.
Pretty ok. My life isn't filled with excitement but I'm appreciated at work and earn enough. I don't have stats to confirm it, but it's probably along or more than the average.  Working abroad though so I miss home a lot.  The last time I heard from my hs friends, the so-called popular girls lived lives I wouldn't envy: gone into drug dealing, had crap jobs, etc.
There's a wiki article about the Canadian raising that could shed some light on this issue. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Canadian_raising  Personally, being a Canadian, I don't really see a whole lot of difference from English in the American midwest.
The winner takes the Steward home