We can agree to disagree.
19 [F4R] I'm verified! :3 looking for long term friends.   A little about me:   • I'm Maddison   • 19, Scottish  • Pansexual   • Post rock music, reading and games are my true loves 😍   Pm me a little bit about yourself and leave your kik :) Also, please be able to keep a conversation, I'm tired of having one sided conversations that last like 5 minutes ._.
That makes sense. I've felt like that sometimes too actually, especially the bit about constantly adjusting the hood! but for the most part it does help keep my anxiety rather low.
Wurly. Definitely wurly.
First time in a while I've felt bad for laughing at anything on this sub - congrats OP
Priorities.
Family reunions.
What's the meaning of life?
Yesterday, I believe.
So.. I'm curious. What's the other things?
Perfect 😍
Slowpoke; self explanatory.
Well done OP. They're healing good! Keep going. Speaking for most people here; we're proud of you, 1 year is amazing!
Happy birthday 🎂
Meh.
They're about 7-8 months old, I've seen tattoos covering deeper redder scars so I figured it would be alright. If not; I should be able to go a bit further up as the scars are white/fully healed.   Thanks
so unbelievably legit.
Not in the UK :(
Equally as awesome. Appreciate the effort too :)
That's awesome! Much appreciated :)
My therapist is aware, she's asked to see my arms (obviously, that was optional) if you do decide to tell them, he/she will probably ask you why you do or other questions.   The only way they would ever have to take action was if it was endangering your life/you were threatening that.
"you're not a bad person for the ways you try to kill your sadness"
It makes a lot more sense now, and I think the situation right now might be the cause of it.  Thank you for the replies, it's greatly appreciated :)
Yeah I do fear that. I don't think he would do that again though, but it's always a thought in the back of my mind.
I only met my dad 2 years ago. He was never there as I was growing up, but over the 2 years we've been close, although recently it hasn't been the same because he lives 25ish miles away.
Awesome tattoos dude :)

What type of spider is this?
So close to relapsing.   I've been SH free for a little while now, but the urges are getting too strong and too frequent. I don't think I can resist it for much longer.  Edit: I gave in to the urges. Sorry. I appreciate those who replied and tried to help and I'll try harder to resist in the future :(
That's awesome! It may not feel like it, but it's the little things that count :)
thanks :)
Quackers