So why does someone deserve to afford a treo bedroom house simply for showing up for a job.  Trio bedroom? Try one bedroom. They still don't make enough.  Minimum wage jobs are designed for people who are in school or live with their parents.  Minimum wage jobs aren't designed to do anything except perform a service for a business, just like other jobs.  People who d don't need to rent. If you make minimum wage a career wage look in the mirror instead of blame the evil rich people.  Maybe the average rich person isn't to blame, but the fact that America's economic mobility has been going stagnant for decades certainly is.
The problem you highlight is a critical one that absolutely must be addressed. When we look at things purely based on profitability or cost effectiveness, we put people's wellbeing at risk. This is especially an issue in healthcare.  We can't have single payer income, doctors will be less rich!!!  Honestly, doctors in single payer countries do quite well. It's a non-issue.
A seemingly unspoken rule in the chat is that whenever two rpers got together, their characters did too, so we role played all kinds of coupley cutesy stuff in the chat.  Not to take away from how terrible the story is, but that's adorable! Of course, it's only adorable if two kids are doing it, not one kid and one adult.  I had an online boyfriend starting from the age of 15. He was 18. I got lucky in that he really was who he said he was. It's been over 10 years now and we're still Facebook buddies.
A tortoise isn't a mammal.
Hopefully this will go somewhere. I've thought this was BS since I was 16.
If you want to get ahead, America isn't a great place to come. Our economic mobility (the ability to move from one economic class to another) has been declining in recent decades.   http://www.decisionsonevidence.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/Economic-Mobility-Across-Developed-Countries.png  People from very poor countries might try to come here, but to really get ahead, the following countries will give you better luck: France, Spain, Japan, Germany, New Zealand, Sweden, Australia, Canada, Finland, Norway, and Denmark. Denmark is the best country in the world to get ahead.
I have a much lower sex drive than my boyfriend, but I know if I don't put out he could find someone else and I don't want that to happen.  So I make sure we have sex several times a week, unless I am sick or something like that.  Talk to her about it before you consider breaking anything off. All my boyfriend had to do was talk to me.
Other civil rights are already restricted. You can't protest in certain areas. You need a permit for assembly if you have enough people. Slander and libel are illegal.   It's just when it comes to guns that people think rights should be completely unrestricted because Americans have a gun sized hole in their brains.
Except the brain of a squid is very close to the beak area. All the chef did there was chop off vital organs, so it's more than likely writing in pain.
It was probably from the 1860 consensus. It was very common for households to have a few slaves.  It was mostly the rich though that had owned the plantations and hundreds/thousands of slaves to make their fortune. That's where the rich/poor divide comes from.  The Confederate Constitution also made it illegal for states to outlaw slavery. So much for state sovereignty.
She's not getting better.  Exactly. That's what I wish people in this thread would realize. She's been treated since childhood and institutionalized more than once.  They don't want to acknowledge that sometimes depression is so severe that it can't be treated property and it's cruel to make someone continue living with it.
You can acknowledge that things happened and acknowledge that they were bad.  But that isn't the same as apologizing for something you had nothing to do with.
the child has to say yes, you continue to ignore this. that is the point I am making, no child at the age of 9 is wise enough to decide whether to take their own life.  I am not ignoring it, I am saying I am okay with it because the child doesn't have the only say. The doctors know more about the disease a child might have than anyone else and know how much pain it might put someone in. That's why the Dutch Pediatric Association is backing it. They know exactly how much these kids are suffering.   yes you should let them live instead of killing them based on how much pain they think they are in.  Which is one of the cruelest things you can do. You're okay with it because *you* aren't the one who has to suffer. The child is. What if you begged to die due to the extreme pain and sickness you felt and everyone refused and let you linger in agony?   there is a chance of survival or pain reduction if they are still alive tomorrow, if they have been killed there is no chance of any of these possibly joyous and redemptive moments. a 9 year old cannot understand that, why I am saying they should not be able to say kill me. it very easily could be the worst pain of their life and they can't see an end, but a more wise and experienced person could realize their body might adjust and the pain becomes bearable or a new medicine could emerge making their final months/years very bearable, productive and joyful. a 9-year old just knows it hurts now and if being killed allows that to make the pain stop they might say yes without thinking about what that means or what it means to those they love, who will have to live with thinking "One more day and it might have gotten better" for the rest of their life  Very little chance. Especially for things like cancer and many genetic illnesses. There is a point where the body is so ravaged by disease that there's no going back, even if a miracle cure was found the next day. You're advocating letting kids spend their final moments in agony because of something that's extremely unlikely to happen. I've already showed you that doctors tend to be overly *optimistic* when it comes to determining if a patient is terminal and how long they have to live. They think a patient has a better chance of making it than they really do, not the other way around.  May as well spend your entire paycheck on the lottery with the mentality that basing your actions on something extremely unlikely is practical. Your stance is, "But a miracle might occur!"
you don't seem to understand how normal birth control works, and you assume that any woman you could be in a relationship with would be an untrustworthy liar.  I actually completely understand the fear men have here. Women have an out: abortion. Which is a good thing. I am completely pro-choice. I think it should even be publicly funded. But men have no such out. One night of sex that results in a pregnancy could potentially ruins a man's life. 18+ years of child support right there if the woman chooses to have the child. If I were a man, I might consider suicide if that happened to me. 18+ years of a large portion of my paycheck gone just like that? Yeah, not doing it.  This situation is why I am so thankful to be female. Whether or not I ever have to pay for a child isn't nearly so up to chance.
He seems to be doing okay. He's quickly gaining on Hillary in the polls.  Sadly, I don't see Sanders getting the nomination, but many Americans like him.
Why?
That I'm not allowed to request or receive sex while I'm asleep.  This too. It drives me nuts. I told my boyfriend he's allowed to have sex with me when I'm asleep, drunk, high, whatever. I don't care. And he has. Every single time I mention it here, a few people at least always insist I've been raped. Rape is sex without consent. I gave consent long before when I said it was okay with me.  If I don't care, why do you? If I did start caring, I'd say something to him.
Yeah and clearly we're talking about a human being capable of breathing.  But it isn't, and won't for a good long time.  Baby trees are called saplings, which very much are trees. In fact, the seed itself is what results from pollination so your analogy isn't even looking at the right stage.  Saplings aren't the same as sprouts. And my analogy is in the right stage. Seed = blastocyst that must be implanted after the sperm and egg meet. The sprout would be the fetus. Sapling would be the child.  It's a human being, period.  Citation needed.  Stop trying to belittle it so you can easily dismiss it.  Even if I thought it was a human being, I'd still be pro-choice because you can't use someone else's body against their will even as a human being.  Abortion legality has nothing to do with morality, but you've gotten so drawn in to that debate with pro-lifers that you've decided if it must be about morality then you'll just eliminate the part that brings morality into question: personhood.  Or maybe I just don't believe it's a human being?
I'd like to mention here that one of the early signs of a disturbed person is the torturing of animals. It's certainly connected.
Yep...that's me.
Foreign medical professionals are largely against infant circumcision though. None of them are against vaccination.   Many medical associations even supported banning the practice when the idea was being thrown around Germany, Denmark, Sweden, Norway, etc.  http://pediatrics.aappublications.org/content/early/2013/03/12/peds.2012-2896.full.pdf+html  And here is some literature written by several doctors from all over the world protesting the AAP's stance that circumcision is very beneficial.
Eisenhower did this in the 50s. Did people leave?
Socialism is the workers and community taking over businesses and the means of production for themselves and keeping the profits for themselves.   Tax funded education is no different from tax funded fire departments, police, or roads. None of those are socialism.
How does everyone else make it through work?   Just knowing I have work the next day drags my entire day down. Do you have any tips?  Oh, I should add that I don't really hate my job, it's just that I feel like a sucker working to pay for a life I don't want. I'd rather die.
My 18-year-old cat was put down. I am feeling guilt for not holding her during.   She had cancer for a little while, but blood in her urine told us it spread to her bladder, so we decided it was time to put her down.  So I was there in the office with her, crying my eyes out. The vet said I could hold her, or just put her on the table and pet her. I felt absolute dread at the thought of her going limp in my arms. I was barely holding up as was and I was afraid that would make me lose it. It was taking all my strength to be there at all. My sister had offered to take her in so I wouldn't have to, but I was determined to be there in her last moments. So I rubbed her back as she was euthanized.  Now I am extremely sorry I didn't hold her. I know she didn't know she was about to die. She only knew she was in a place where she had been before and I was petting her. She passed away peacefully feeling me pet her back.  I know even if I had held her I would find something else to be upset about, but I can't shake the feeling that I wasn't properly there for her.  As I said, I've had her for 18 years and she was always there for me when my depression was at its worst and when I needed her most. Now she's gone and I feel I didn't return the favor on top of it.
TIL in my Greek Classics class that when a woman kills her children, it's the father's fault!   So, in class we recently read Medea. For those who don''t know it, here's a quick summary: Jason leaves his wife, Medea for the chance to marry a princess. He owes all his success to her (Years ago, Jason had to get a Golden Fleece to prove himself to a king, and Medea basically did all the work for him) so she felt very betrayed. She spends the entire play wondering how to take her revenge, and decides she will kill both their children solely to hurt Jason, and leave the city to escape.   The professor asked who we felt was responsible for the death of the children, Jason or Medea. I thought it was obviously Medea. Jason was an asshole, but Medea is the one who purposefully killed her kids to get back at him. To my surprise, a good number of my classmates (all female) answered that Jason was responsible for driving Medea to the edge. If he hadn't treated her so poorly she wouldn't have been in the position to feel she needed to murder her children for revenge.   I just sat there in awe. I couldn't believe a class of adult women weren't blaming the person who took the knife and physically murdered her children. No, it was the fault of Jason for pissing her off. A few choice quotes I remember...  "Jason obviously wasn't respecting Medea and she felt she had to act out to prove herself."  "If Jason hadn't left her none of this would have happened. He's just as responsible for the deaths of his children as his wife."  "Maybe Medea is the murderer, but Jason as good as killed his children when he left his wife."  Next the teacher asked us if we felt Medea was evil. The female students mostly agreed she wasn't evil, she was just hurt. Jason is the true evil one for driving her to such extreme actions.   A few male students did say they felt Medea was more responsible, but Jason did have some of the blame. A few other female students didn't say anything, so I am hoping they were too stunned to speak, as I was.  It's true that in the ancient Greek world women had very few rights, but Medea's actions are all on her. I wonder what response I would gotten if I had turned the tables and said, "I bet Jason only left because she sounds like a crazy bitch."
A person who feels suicidal only because of mental illness is still perfectly valid in their feelings. CMV   Let me just explain my feelings. I know I only feel like I want to die because of my depression. I know if I was mentally healthy I probably wouldn't feel this way, but that doesn't change the fact that I am completely miserable and this probably won't change.  I've had depression ever since I was 9 years old at least, and was put on Paxil at age 10-11, and am now 24 years old. It takes the edge off and I've had some happy moments but overall, living is exhausting and I've yet to see how it's worth experiencing.   Right now I'm in college for history. I know job prospects in that area are pretty much nil, but it's one of the few things I enjoy. Despite liking history, I hate college. I'm doing it because without it I'll likely be working fast food the rest of my life (which might happen anyway). Despite loving history, I hate going to college. It just makes me more depressed and exhausted. Throw in having to work at the same time, and I'm failing to see the point in my continued existence. I have to do something I hate for years in order to try to secure a better future that I don't think will be worth living anyway?   I guess my point is that when I mention this, people just say, "Well, you only feel that way because you have depression." Yeah, that's probably true. But so what? If I decide to live my life and die a miserable old woman, at the end of the day, I was completely miserable my whole life. Does it really make a difference that I was miserable because of a mental illness? I don't think so.   Please understand, I'm not typing this on the edge of a 5 story building about to throw myself off. I intend to finish college since I've already worked so hard at it. I just think it's unfair to say someone is "only" feeling suicidal because of a mental illness. Those feelings are still very real and I don't see the point of a continued existence if that person is through being miserable and wants to die, even if it is caused by mental illness.  One final argument: Yes, mental illness can be treated, but not often cured. Even if it's being treated, it's still there and still having an affect.
Are there any circumstances under which you would have a child?   I'm of the opinion that if you had lots of money, parenthood could be enjoyable. You'd only have to be there for the good parts. Don't want to get up in the night? Hire a nanny. Don't feel like cleaning poop off the wall? Nanny. Kid being a bastard? Call the nanny to take him away.  I'd be open to having kids if I could have a nanny. That way, I only have to see the kid when I want to.
The real life Voldemort! I give you Edward Mordake.   He supposedly had an extra face on the back of his head, which could neither eat nor speak, although it could laugh and cry. Edward begged doctors to have his "demon face" removed, because, supposedly, it whispered demonic words to him at night, but no doctor would attempt it. He committed suicide when he was 23.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward_Mordake  Apparently there is no real record of this guy existing, but I wonder if JK Rowling got her idea from this.
I don't know why these people don't like words.   They have to put emotion into everything.  For example, the word victim. It means you were the hurt or oppressed subject of a crime or other malicious activity. It's just a term. Recently I was told I'm not allowed to say rape victim anymore. I have to say target. Not sexual assault victim, it has to be sexual assault target.   But WTF's wrong with victim? It just means you were taken advantage of. And you were. Nothing is shameful about it, it's just a term. Soon they're going to decide target implies the person wasn't human, or something.   Some others: Dumb (it used to mean you couldn't talk, so it's offensive to people who can't talk) Retard (Can't even use it in its correct context now. Retard just means to slow down. You can't say "One pedal makes the car speed up, the other retards it) Broad (Yep, I had someone tell me it's offensive even if you mean wide or big, since it's also an offensive term for women)  How about we make these people so afraid of every English word they just stop talking?  EDIT: Can't believe I forgot to add my favorite one! Butthurt. A SRSer told me it's offensive to rape victims(targets?) because it implies rape. I said, "I always thought it meant you fall down and hurt your butt like a whiny little kid." They answered, "Well, some people say it means rape so you shouldn't use it." So now you can't say things because other people MIGHT think it means something else.
If I got a degree in history, what are my job prospects?   I'm 22, and have no idea what I want to do in life. I was in nursing school but I realized although the pay would be good, I'd absolutely hate every second of it, and honestly, I'm squeamish. But I have always loved history. I was disappointed in my high school history classes because they were so very basic. My dad has a history degree, but he's never done anything with it, he delivers packages, but I've liked reading through his old school books over the years. If I invested a lot of time and money in this degree, could I do anything with it? I know you can teach, work in a museum, etc, but is it the same as other non-scientific degrees? Tons of people wanting 2 openings and the rest having to move on to something else? I know the classes would be wonderful education wise, but I really can't spend thousands of dollars on something that won't lead to a career. Thanks for your input!
What are some famous people you wish had or would leak a sex tape?   [Broadway stars Idina Menzel and Taye Diggs] (http://ballerwives.com/2011/10/05/taye-diggs-%E2%80%9Cmy-mother-said-she-always-knew-i-was-going-to-marry-a-white-girl-video/) I always felt like Idina would be crazy in bed. [Monty Python's Graham Chapman and his boyfriend, David Sherlock.] (http://www.tumblr.com/photo/1280/2636553137/1/tumblr_lenmirEgZw1qarbga) Actually, I don't think David was all that attractive, but Graham was. I'd love to see his screwing anyone!