I liked it :)
Thanks for the reply, this really helps. Appreciate it.
Thanks!
Ozy
R/scrubs
Right on! Very very cool :)
Happy birthday!
Ebola.
Buried
Thanks for being patient and helpful with your answers. It's really cool to have you around because you always try to help.
You look 13
What are your best bumper stickers?
That commercial made my night.
It looks so lonely
Halle berry
Hey, awesome, me too. I'll send you a friend request at 4:30 most likely
I have to be honest, I loved this map. It felt pretty small/simple to me, but for some reason the homey feel of the map made it a fun fallback if I ever get bored with origins, die rise, etc.
You impacted my life tonight in a very kind way. Thank you. Never forget the good you are even if everything is bad.
I commented below, this is my first smackdown in a while, and I'm incredibly surprised. I stopped watching it about six months ago because of how bad it is, but I feel like I've been missing out now! Definitely going to start following it again.
This smackdown has been really badass. Here's to setting a trend!
Bum bum bum buuuuuuuuum
Haha, actually, it is, but that's not where i first saw it. There was a cooking forum a long, long time ago where an English gentleman described a pudding recipe as wanky. I took liberties and now it's a phrase I use a bunch :P
Please help me find someone   I posted a few weeks ago on here, and a user named I-can-listen send me messages. We communicated almost daily, and she's one of the only things I have in my life. If you can make her see this, it would help so much.
Am I the only one who thought that he stuck his "head" in and "washed"/pissed on the car?
Great tip for gaining XP   So today I've been working on a final paper, and I decided to work on leveling up. What I did was go into infection, and find the best hiding spot you can. Leave your guy there, because (I think) this is the only gametype where you WON'T be kicked for not moving! I've gained 200,000 xp in the past few hours just by looking up at the end of every game.   NOTE: This is for gaining XP when you're doing something else, like working on a final!
agreed.
ORLY.
What's the kindest thing you've seen someone do recently?   I really wish I had an "I'll start," but sadly that's not the case. Do tell though. i think it makes people happier to know there's a reason to have faith in humanity!
I'm actually not able to enhance it, I tried downloading a couple programs but my computer's a little bit not high tech enough. If you wanted to send me a much better camera then then cheap one I can afford, I'll gladly take another one and PM it to you!
Nice, thanks for that, but actually I saw a clan, of course, trying to get in it and I figured it out for myself. I was just expressing my opinion, you don't need to call me a liar. And I can honestly say I have no idea what cod 1337 is. I agree with what you said in the last part, though. I guess my opinions changed. Just be more cool, man.
As i was reading this it shocked me because of how similar my life is to yours right now, i can relate so much. I just wanted to let you know that there are people out there who understand :/
I apologize, because this wasn't really a question as much just sayiing thanks. :/ this subreddit is the best, though, so it seemed appropriate :)