"not civilized" what??
Haven't yet, and never will! *asexual high five with myself *
If you want to visit Quebec but you don't feel comfortable speaking French, go to Montreal! You can live there without speaking French, sometimes even without speaking English (you'll find your people, eventually). It is why the rest of Quebec sees Montreal as problematic because Quebec wants to be 100% French, then you have Montreal that's struggling to find its identity, still. But I think in a way, Montreal's identity is to not have just one. It's not English-Canadian, it's not French-Canadian either. It's a mix a both, with the perfect amount of foreign. And it's perfect (biased opinion, but seriously Montreal is perfect).   Oh wow, that sounds interesting actually. I don't know much about the dynamics between American states, but I didn't think Texas and Arizona would match.   Canada ... hmmm. I think from BC to Ontario, they would be together. Simply because provinces between BC and Ontario would be like "yeah sure whatever man." about it haha. Quebec would be on its own, but Montreal would be pissed because it would much rather be with Ontario. The Maritimes would probably stick together, then the Territories would be together as well ... but that's coming from someone who lived in Montreal haha. I think Montrealers, people from Vancouver and Toronto kinda think higher of their cities? And see the rest of Canada as empty and without any personality haha. So yeah. My opinion is wrong.
It's not a matter of disagreeing, it's a matter of being dramatic over nothing.   The regime will not do anything to you! We don't live in medieval times, not even North Korea. You're a foreigner. They can't just do anything they please with you, unless "you ask for it". Plus you will be in contact with normal Koreans because most are normal. There are probably more normal people there than wherever you live in now. The not normals are high ranking officials, and there's no way in hell you'd be given the opportunity to meet any of them.   When was the last time you heard about a tourist who did nothing wrong, but who got sent in prison by North Korea? Never happened, and never will. North Koreans are not stupid!
French being my first language, orthography is a little more strict. We have those 'special' characters, like the 'cédille' (  ¸ ), the 'tréma' ( ¨ ), the 'accents' like 'aigu' ( ´ ), the 'grave' ( ` ) and the 'circonflexe' ( ^ ).   When I turned 13, I started writing full words again, but I would always omit these characters because I was lazy haha. For instance, this sentence: La tronçonneuse a découpé le seul arbre à thé de l’île thaïlandaise (the saw cut the only tea tree of the thai island).   I would write it like: la tronconneuse a decoupe le seul arbre a the de lile thailandaise.  I would also omit apostrophes, and some of those words that end with -é, I would end them with -er because it's the same sound.   I think at the age of 15 and to this day, I tried my best to go as far as writing those characters, check my grammar, use my punctuation properly, etc.   I like writing well, though lately I've been into some abbreviations like ngl (not gonna lie), nbg (no big deal), irl (in real life). But I'm most probably going write "If I recall correctly" instead of IIRC, or "As soon as possible" instead of ASAP.   And my grammar sucks in all languages as speak. :(
Twin!
Exactly! It's all so genuine and they aren't trying to shove a message down your throat. Actually, this entire project was not a commercial, just some guy who wanted to do something.  I really love that other half, when they see what sunscreen looks like. Especially that first lady that goes "WOW!" I don't know. It makes me happy.
Thanks! I guess I will give it a try! : )
Thank you so much : ) That's really nice of you to think so. I like your positivity!
Nah son, I can guarantee you on that one. It's like my genes had a meet-up, and they were like "Let's fuck her up real good." And I'm not even talking about only the way I look! I'm talking the entire package, from head to toe, without missing the brain.
I guess the fact that many people have different experiences proves that all websites are the same : ) Some people find legit comfort in Instagram or Twitter, and I have to figure out why. To me, those two apps/websites are cold. How do you bond with people? But to some, it's heaven on Earth. To me, my heaven on Earth is Tumblr. And honestly, I think it's easier to select who you want to deal with because you pick and choose who you get to see on your dashboard. For you, I guess it's Reddit.  But yeah. What bothers me with Reddit is that it seems to be the only website out of the few I named that really believes it's the best out there, by shitting on other websites. And sorry I didn't know most of reddit were young. I guess I spent too much time on subreddits where most people are (unless they're lying) like 25+ men.
Thank you! : )
Yeah good thing you missed it. It was crap. Well, it was "good", which is bad. It was so formal, everyone or almost sang ballads. It was boring as hell. I'm a little bummed because it's my first time watching it live from Europe, and all the clips I'd see online were of silly people doing unholy or just batshit crazy things. Yeah. None of that this year.   The most exciting moment so far is Conchita Wurst's short wig. And she just appeared with it, and voting is already closed.
Totally agree with you. The worst is that I felt uncomfortable too. I feel so hypocritical!  Anyway society has done a good job brainwashing. Funny thing is that if he legally adopted her, I wouldn't have thought about it too much. But the whole "from a stranger off the street" thing gets me.
Of course : )
YO. I live in a city that is a champion at that! It's in Germany, but I don't know how common it is. Dogs re extremely well behaved, as in most can walk without a leach. And I'm cool with that, as long as said dog is trained and not to nervous and very obedient. But the owners, they need seriously training.  I walked to a supermarket that is like 200 meters away from my place, and I saw 12 dog poop piles. TWELVE. I am still mad about it, honestly.   I miss my home city because people picked up their dog poop. And those who didn't were clever enough to have their dog poop on grass/mud. Not in the middle of the sidewalk.
I've been thinking about this lately! I always say I want to be a mother, blablabla but lately I've been second-guessing my skills as a mother, so I don't know. Also, I'm finding out that I'm at my happiest when I don't do anything and when I'm alone.   I think I would just move to Paris and do nothing. Sounds bad, but it's honestly the most rewarding thing I could do. I'd wake up at maybe 9 or 10 am, watch TV while munching on cereals, then I'd go out to the market and buy whatever I need for the day, maybe flowers even. Then I'd go back home, watch some more TV while doing whatever: cleaning, laundry, folding clean laundry, learn something on the internet, whatever. Then I'd cook lunch/dinner. Later at night, I'd go out and walk around the city. People watching is a thing I enjoy a lot, so I would totally do that. Maybe I'd take a night train for a roundtrip. Not leaving the train, just sitting there and enjoying peace and quiet. Maybe I'll read, or play video games, or just chill and listen to music. Sometimes, if one of my favorite shows is being recorded, I'd go to said recordings. Right now, I really love a French TV Host who hosts a TV Show and a radio show, and I'd love to attend both. Or, I'd go and watch some theatre. Bigger theaters, smaller, independent artists. Whatever. Then if I get hungry, I'd go to one of those late-night cafés in Paris, and just eat whatever there is.   Then I'd go to bed at midnight or 1 am, and start all over again.   From time to time, I'd go to cities I like, rent an apartment, and do the same. New York some time during the winter, Seoul during the spring, maybe Vancouver a week during the summer? And back to Paris for the remainder fo the year.   Oh, and maybe I'd get a cat.
I have tried many times but I lose interest immediately. I don't want to do anything with myself, because everything else is boring, which reminds me of the fact that I can't feel pleasure anymore, which in itself is quiet depressive. I don't know. I wish I had another brain. A brain without depression and/or anxiety and/or that stupid personality disorder. I feel restricted in my actions, thoughts and emotions. It really sucks.  And I understand where you're coming from. Life objectively wasn't so good until three and a half months ago, when I decided to change it. Well, I haven't changed. That really sucks.
Ha, same! Right now, I am what seems like 'happy'. And I'm all alone until Monday (have been alone since Thursday). What's even funnier, is that when the people I live with were leaving, I felt nothing. Then when I was alone and saw them drive off (I was looking out the window), I started crying. Me! The coldest person on Earth! I cried!   It was odd.
Ah I see.  I'm just not used to that. Quantity or variety isn't what differentiate a meal to a snack. My brain is stil seeing bread and cheese as accompaniments only, so eating just that (with something a bit more sustainable, yes, but not on its own) is just foreign.  I hope I get used to it. I wrote this thing while feeling really hungry, so sorry if it sounds like I'm hating on German habits (I am not!!). It's just that when I'm hungry, I just. Want. Food. A big plate full of stuff that will make me cry myself to sleep because I feel fat type of thing.
They're not conservative to me. I think they're just "common" Germans. Of course there are many exceptions in Germany, but whenever I'd google german life habits, under the eating section, bread/cheese/ham for breakfast and dinner was the only thing they'd talk about.   I do not make that much money, no. I do sometimes go to a Döner and just lose my mind over the deliciousness, sometimes I buy myself a frozen pizza, but this month, I want to save up a bit. I also have a Lidl seconds away from me. I don't find anything that would be considered "junk food" besides sweets, and I don't really like sweets. Or chips, but I'm picky. Yeah. I think the problem is I am very picky with snacks (the only chips I can see myself eating forever doesn't seem to be sold in Germany). And like I said previously, I'd feel bad taking too much space in their kitchen (with piles of food I bought).   I was hungry when I wrote this thread haha. I understand it's 100% my fault, and part of being in a foreign country is to get used to their life habits. But I have such a deep love story with food, I don't see myself giving up on that one just yet ...
I don't remember once saying that being a stay-at-home person is a job, since it isn't. Of course you are unemployed, but it's your full-time occupation. You could argue that people who are trained at their job (like master/apprentice type of situation) are unemployed as well. Or doctors still in Residency are as well. But they still have a day-to-day demanding occupation that they choose to be in. If I choose to stay at home and take care of my children/house, it's a choice. Saying I'm unemployed, people will think "Awn poor thing, looking for a job." Saying I'm staying-at-home is more straightforward.
The pizza sub is my go-to sub, to be honest. I love anything from tomatoes, so I would ask for extra marinera sauce and extra tomatoes. When they grill it so perfectly that the cheese stays melted for a long time, it's like biting into heaven. Yum!
Thank you. I was wondering if my body was being dramatic (I'm overweight and used to eat all the time, so maybe it's just extremely weird for my body to not be fed as often).   It's really stupid, but I am not at home. I live with a host family overseas. I have free access to their kitchen, that's no problem, but lately I've been feeling a lot of anxiety around them. So much so, that I wait for most of them to be asleep to leave my room and go find something to eat. I'm not making much money, and today is Sunday and in Germany, most things are closed.
[Serious] People for whom 'it hasn't gotten better' (50+ y.o), what's your story?   Maybe I will find no one? But today I've been seeing a lot if "I'm a living proof that it gets better" or things along those lines, so I wanted to hear from people who are living proofs of "it depends".
I don't have much a problem in my day-to-day life with racism. Usually they're at the same level as YouTube comments: Very stupid and easily forgettable, but too many can get to you. People are too chicken to voice 'smart racism'. Actually, I am lucky enough to have lived most of my life in countries where people are afraid to talk too loudly (Canada for 10 years, Germany now). But still, you know the racism is there. People you see on the streets go online to denigrate you and your entire culture, country or race.   And I may be moving to Southern America next year ... yikes!
Thanks for the reply. I'm sorry if I came off rude; it was the accumulation of many people wondering, despite knowing that I'm asexual, why I don't have sex.   And I know, many gay men choose to be with women, but they are the type of people, like you said, who are understanding and willing to work things out in order to make their relationship successful. Actually, a couple of kids from college once said they wanted to be parents together, without being in a relationship. They would get married if need be (they wanted to adopt), but they knew for a fact whatever love they have for each other was strictly platonic, nothing romantic or sexual. I don't know how they're doing right now though. (I remember them saying neither liked long-term relationships, but still wanted children).   I personally thought about such plans or compromises for the sake of my future children (back when I really thought I would hurt them by being single), and also because I'm human and I haven't completely given up on finding love yet (but it's getting there). I said to myself that I would not mind having a husband who sleeps around, as long as I knew when he was doing whatever he would be doing, and with whom. And of course, as long as the love remained reciprocal. There is no risk of jealousy, since I do not envy sex or sexual intimacy at all. But I very, very much doubt that there is such a human being on Earth right now, who can have sex with literally any (consenting!) person they wish, but who would still come back home to a sexless relationship and a demanding life as a parent. I don't think the love would remain for very long, especially with someone like me who has no amazingly attractive traits at all.
Again, not saying all Jewish people came from one couple from 4000+ years ago. I am saying that they did not mix much, meaning the religion stayed within the same race(s). At first, it started with Middle Easterners, then you have converted (a few mixed) Africans, the diaspora that spread throughout Europe, and converted (a few mixed) Asians. And even among those mixed communities, they do not mix very much either. All of this of course is compared to Christians.
Thank you for this. I'm struggling to be fun, to be honest. I have such a mellow attitude, only very young children can be tricked into believing that I am a fun person. Thank goodness the child I am looking after is one year old. However even with him, I feel like I'm not doing enough. Oh well :/
Thank you for your input!   I enjoy being alone, too (I'm over at my sister's house like I said, and I became a noctural creature; I sleep during the day and stay up all night. This way I'm almost always alone). However, don't you sometimes wish you had someone? Sometimes I do. I don't want it to be anyone. Like I wouldn't go on a meeting website and just be like "Impress me." In my existence so far, there have been only two people I truly wanted to be part of my life. All two walked away because of who I am.   I hope I never feel this need ever again.
It's not a full beard but I have two small patches of long (5cm) very dark hair. Plus the way it curls makes it visible from afar. I think it's very noticeable, especially since it's paired with acne. Like I told someone else, it grows really fast around the time I'm supposed to get my period (which is also when acne appears), it is why I bothered asking. I used to think it was normal but then that's not what Google and my relatives were saying haha
If you don't know what physical training can do, you're missing out on so much about life. Also, last time I checked, police officers don't just have a gun. So he could have used other weapons to immobilize him too. I don't see why you're making this so much more complicated than it is. The gun should have been his last result. Excuse me, living in Canada and all, but Americans are too trigger-happy for me. It's ridiculous.