I get how my comment could be seen as referring to her ass, but I didn't intend to draw attention to that.I honestly just thought it was interesting that the editors chose to include that shot in the trailer. Black Widow has something of a rotating arsenal, and hasn't been given a staple, sort of character defining weapon, the same way other MCU characters have. I saw the inclusion a shot of these guns as interesting considering this contrast. I think she is definitely sexualized within the MCU, but that really isn't what I was trying to point out. If anything, its indicative of a larger issue of our perception of the character, and perhaps more broadly women in popular films like those in the MCU, that you, and maybe other redditors, would assume I was attempting to make an objectifying observation.
if you look closely at 1:06 you cans see the rectangles on ultrons hand brighten just before he fires his laser
black widow's got some pretty sweet guns at 0:52
I think you are being unfair and unreasonably presumptuous. I do attend class, so I know the Prof didnt mention this during lecture, and I didnt expect to hand in this essay late, I just happen to work 30 hours a week on top of taking a full course load. My question really doesnt have a great deal to do with the prof, so much as it does the hours and staffing at Jackman Humanties. I simply want to know if my paper will be stamped as one day late, if the due date is friday, and it is submitted on a saturday. I am worried that it wont be stamped until monday, at which point it will be seen as 3 days late, despite being submitted just one day after the original due date.
thanks, but it says on this courses syllabus to drop the ssay off at jackman haumanites. what im really curious about is: if its due on a friday, and i drop it on a saturday, will it be marked as 3 days late, or just one day late?
Neutral Milk Hotel's early finish is an absolute tragedy.
Yeah, hopefully they're able to adapt the story-line without sacrificing too much of the original ideas. I think Black Panther is a solid choice, as him being foreign and new to the world of the Avengers will position him as unbiased and neutral, and through his eyes the audience will be able to impartially view either side of the civil war. His recent introduction into modern society is a great stand in for Spidey's pure intentions, and  corresponds well with the growing moral ambiguity in the MCU, especially considering the collapse of Shield, and Tony's role in the creation of Ultron.
maybe fillion would work better as allan scott?
a funnel for butt chugging.
at what quality would this laptop be able to run games? (skyrim, bioshock, ect.)
Shia Labeouf
For you
Jagers
the top part looks like a giant artichoke
it makes francis way too nixony. I never thought of him as Nixon, however I think the blood is a nice touch
What weighs six ounces, sits in a tree and is very dangerous?   A sparrow with a machine gun!
should have used the bat credit card
try redreader beta, not super popular, but awesome nonetheless
they have yet to train me. i was hired sunday, and am supposed to be emailed about my training date, however they havent contacted me. i was hired as a cashier, so i definitely wouldnt be screwing them over by quittng. i just cant decide if i should tell the second store about the other job via email, or during the interview. thoughts?
a guy named Cameron with a scar on his stomach let everyone call him c-section
ropey rampage-donkey kong country II
"FOR GONDOR!!"
Thoughts on these boots from the bay? How durable do you think they might be?
is there anything you still feel like you need to accomplish comedically, or have you reached your artistic goals?
2014 Preliminary Summer Timetable
anyone know a good place to buy a cheep (ish) high quality messenger bag?   looking for a new messenger bag, for cycling, school ect. already tried mec, the options werent super great. thanks!
What is the difference between cooking something at 200 degrees for 40 minutes or 400 degrees for 20 minutes?
reminds me of the clover field monster.
Im a student, but I'd like to treeplant at least for the next 4 summers, potentially even after I graduate. are there any companies you can recommend applying to, as a first year planter?
sweet, thanks
I mean 2014. The april exams
not enough people live in most of these areas to justify the billions it would cost to build these stops. i hate awkwardly busing around as much as the next person, but this isn't an investment that would ever pay off.