I have similar experiences. I have often HUGE problems falling asleep and lying around waiting until my body decides it's ok now to fall asleep is just super annoying and exhausting for me. I'll mostly procrastinate at the PC too - "let's just check reddit" "let's just answer this mail", "let's just play quick round of civ V" - and then i realize i have about 2-3 hours left until i need to get up for work.
/r/shurima
you havent played TES daggerfall have you?
I hope I'm not too late...?
But if he was completly incapable of communicating, why did he admit to it? Why didn't he stick with it? I'll tell you why - because not everything people do is part of a well-thought, dirty plan. I don't believe he actively thought "Eh, i need to SABOTAGE THIS DIET". He was just unsure what to do, and decided for the wrong way. I heard that happens to most people sometimes, and I also heard most people are not in therapy.
This is (one reason) why I fucking love living in a country with free healthcare. That shit doesnt work here matey!
How exactly can an identical twin be more attractive than the other? I mean...are you not like, looking the same?
A fox or a lynx i think
You can't just use DICTIONARY definitions omg
Alright, I'll try that, thank you.
I say go hodor on him.  And by that, I mean moaning Hodor all the time when you have sex next time. That'll teach him for sure!
I had the literally same ad a year ago, also when I searched a flat in Hamburg.  It's a scam. You might wanna contact the third party he mentions (Airbnb), they are mostly very grateful being informed if their name is used in scams.
Well, I see 2 possibilities here.   Either he is not cheating and she knows where he is going -but does not want you children to know (and there surely is a hell of issues a married couple would NOT want their children to know) - then it's easiest for everyone if you don't question it until they might decide it's time for you to know.  Or he is cheating - and she knows. Might be consensual, an open relationship thing, or she's decided to accept it, or at least not to act on it. Then there neither is a reason to act on it, since she knows whats happening.   I honestly do not see a possibility that he has been cheating this obvious and she has never got the idea herself. No adult married woman would leave 4 years of consecutive going out alone unquestioned. Your mother is not stupid, and I think you should trust her that she can handle her marriage by herself.
People who do hunting are cruel. If they would just go into the store and buy meat there, no animals would have to die for it!  :/
I never got nuked by Gandhi.  He mostly gets invaded by Catherine or some warmongerdude and has like no technology when nuclear age comes up...no problem for me.
That's what everyone says. But where to set the line? May I give out my name? May I give out my role without my name? But my friends can narrow down which names are likely to be mine, so that one's tricky already. May I give out suggestions whom I believe to be guilty? That may change their behaviour, depending on if they know if that person is, or maybe they are that person themselves? And once I have a clue who my friend is, I'll be hesitant to kill or accuse him.   In fact, if you wanted to not change the game in any way, you should not talk about the game at all. And no one does that. it ALWAYS has an influence. Thats at least what i think.
My experience playing Medium in a nutshell
Coffee.   People always give me weird looks when I want a hot chocolate instead of coffee, and it would also be nice for getting starting in the morning but... I just can't. It tastes so horrible :(
My glorious fail as an Executioner   So, this one I just HAD to share.  I was playing a classic game and ended up as executioner. One of my less preferred roles, but whatever. I tried a stupid old trick and said day 2 that I had, as an inestigator, found out that my target was mayor or gf and we should lynch him if he could not reveal.  So far, so boring.   But then that guy actually revealed himself :(  Not only he was with a chance of 1 to 8 the Random Townie, but also with a chance of 1 to 13 a mayor when random.   So the rest of the game was pretty much impossible to win for me. The mayor somehow never got killed at night and I could'nt manage to get my town to lynch a revealed mayor. No one suspected me and everyone protected me thinking I was investigator. In the end, town won, and everyone was like "wat" when they realized I did not win with them.   Morale of the story - sometimes a chance of  1/126 just fucks you up
It doesn't work. I receive a message that the key is not valid for this game.
I did log in with my Origin account, yes. Yet still there is no "Dragon Age: Origins" entry or something in my registered game page
Equilibrium had a female bassist, but I think she has left. Also Eluveitie has, but they sing occasionally (not lead tho)
I am already invited (because I'm in the chat channel 24/7 :3).  As already stated I currently have huge issues with my internet connection (thanks to my father), but I hope this will be fixed in about 2 or 3 weeks.    I will likely have time every night, and maybe some afternoons, escpecially at the weekends.  I am a midlane main, but if we're missing something, I can fill as I play every role at least decently.
Pressing B and the "down" button when trying to catch a Pokemon.  Seriously it does NOT work I promise you.
mh. maybe i accidently removed my subscription and then it deletes everything? i have no idea lol.
on the left there is the summoner that you get earlier. since you get flash last, flash goes on f.
That Poland can into space!
Halle Berry as Karma. Doesn't even need a new haircut
Grave of the fireflies all the way. When watching it, I was like "my god i cant even."  Personally, I also want to mention "the voices of a distant star". its only a little movie, and surely some people will find it nothing but boring, but for me, being in a long-distance relationship myself...well, I guess you see.
Hi, my main account is Deathpact Angel - I'm currently silver III and looking forward to get gold this season. I'm a midlane main, but I'm also a decent adc and support. add me if you feel like it - and if you're playing on EUW, you didnt mention your server :/
exactly. you have to protect what you have. before some filthy polynesian comes and steals it
Coming from LoL, I have some questions about this game. Wanna help me?   Hey guys. As title states, I am a player of League (not high elo or somthing, just playing for a while) and frustrated from some things at that game I decided to try something new and ended up with Smite. So far, I really like this game, especially the mythological stuff is something I really like better than made-up characters. But there are some points that are still confusing me a lot, so help a newbie? :)  1. There are not a lot of guides for Gods in the Internet, and most of them are poorly rated. So, how exactly do I know how to build my god? Do I just stick with the recommended items, or are those not reliable?   2. Is there a "meta" in this game and if yes, how does it look? I already noticed that there is a jungler, too, so maybe it is the same as in LoL? if yes, who are support gods? they are all tagged as mages or tanks, are they still used as support or does this work different?  3. are the side lanes called "left / right" or "top /bot" ? seen both so far.   4. Do you have any recommodation what god to buy first as a newbie? which ones are easy to handle for beginners? the role is not that relevant, I do not particularily like tanks tho.  5. Last point: Are there gods that are currently considered over-/underpowered. I tried Thanatos in the practice mode, and from my point of view, his ultimate is ridiculously op, is that right? what makes it balanced, if not? I mean, AoE execution (and 40% health is not THAT low) and a stun? thats hard i think.  I guess thats all for now. Thanks in advance!