Hi, I have been on Buspar for the last 6 months alongside Citalopram.  I currently take 7.5mg twice a day. It really has helped me with my anxiety and panic attacks. It took a little while to start feeling the full effects, but I guess after two weeks I could really feel a big difference.  As for side effects, I didn't really have any at all. I was pretty lucky. In fact, it has actually helped eased some of the side effects of other medication (non-anxiety related).   I hope it works for you too :)
Basically, diagnosis comes from assessing how hypermobile (super-bendy) you are, and then running every test known to man to rule out anything else they can come up with ;)  I have to make sure I don't get fatigued, stand or sit the wrong way, dislocate or sub-dislocate my joints (I can do my fingers and toes for fun!) and basically just try to exercise as much as I can to maintain muscle strength without doing anything I have just said!  It is pretty hard to keep going some days, especially when you live almost everyday in pain.   Right now I am going through a really bad flareup. My hands and fingers are swollen and so is one ankle. Lots of anti-inflammatories and hopefully it will settle soon.
:)
Thank you :-)
I just wanted to send you an internet hug. Well done :-)
I usually go with 'Ohshitwhatthehellareyoudoingdownthere' rather than 'Cleo' :-)
Thank you
Thankfull all healthcare here is fully covered by his company.
Thank you.  I arranged a marriage therapy session last week and asked him to come. He didn't. He tells me he needs time to work out what he wants. I am pretty sure it is not me or the kids.  I have had to take a dose of Percocet. I haye doing this when I am alone with the kids, but I waited until they were asleep and I hooe they don't wake in the night as it is hard for me to thimk ckearly. But otherwise I was going to be in agony.  He will probably not even tell his friends I am ill, he will just say I am fine.  I will talk to him tomorrow and lay it on the line that his behavour has gone beyond the imaginable and that he either sorts himself out fast or I am gone.  And I will get medical attention too.
Help. Overwhelmed, recurring panic attacks, too tired to get my head round the steps I need to take to get 'better'.   I have had GAD for the last 25 years, since I was a child. Recently it has developed into/incorporated panic disorder too.   Nine weeks ago, my grandfather was diagnosed with terminal cancer. He passed away one week ago. Since we heard the diagnoses, I have been suffering from recurring panic attacks, been struggling day to day and especially at night with anxiety, and lack of sleep is making it very hard to focus on my usual rescue 'remedies'. My Dr prescribed lorazepam, and upped my citalopram dose six weeks ago. He doesn't want me on the lorazepam for long, but, although the panic attacks have decreased in frequency, they are still happening often and the lorazepam us the only thing I have found so far that works quickly and helps.  My main trigger at the moment is panicking that my children are going to catch Noro, and then we will all get it. At the moment, one of them even looking a little off color is sending me straight into a panic attack. I struggle with not being in control and this is one area that I do not cope with the uncertainty and unpredictability of everything. I feel that I am alone in all situations, even though I have a great husband who would manage even if I wasn't there.  I am flying back to the UK from the US this week for the funeral, and I am going over all the things that could go wrong. It doesn't really help that in the last month, we have had two deaths in the family, my husband has had to go overseas twice, we have been organizing Thanksgiving, then my daughters birthday, Xmas, and two lots of funeral arrangements. I feel so overwhelmed, but guilty if I ask for help when I am able to let the control go a little.  Sorry for the rambling, I just kind of typed as it came into my head.
Oh, those eyes :)
You have to bite the chocolate off the end carefully, then nibble around the edges, then if you are really good, you can peel the very top layer of wafer off whole. After that, nibble the bottom layer of chocolate, and you are left with a nice wafer biscuit to dip in your tea :)
That might work! I will try it out :-)
For me, when I am depressed, I don't have the energy physically to 'want' sex. I feel ugly and worthless, and that anyone who wants to be near me is only doing it for their own needs, or to pity me. Obviously I know that us not true, but depression can make your mind very irrational. Try having non-sexual dates. Go back to when you would walk together just holding hands. Take away any sexual pressures, but keep intimacy through smaller gestures like a kiss on the cheek, a stroke of his back as you pass him. Little things can really go a long way. Take an evening out each week just to get out, away from everything, and enjoy each others company. If I am able to get out if my depressive 'rut' I find it easier to feel better about myself, then the sexual side if things returns pretty soon. I don't know if he would be into it, but reading erotica with a good storyline usually helps to get me in the mood! Remember it is not your fault, it is the pain in the backside depression that is altering his outlook on life. I hope you both get through this soon :-)
Oh, the way he licks that spoon...hnnngh!
I don't know why, but reading that bio always makes me want to vomit.
damn onions
I had to take some painkillers and woke in the night not remembering my name, where I was or who was in bed with me. I convinced myself I was a gay man. I am a straight female and the person in bed with me was my husband.
So true.
We are lucky to live in the newer area of Aurora, near to Southlands Mall. We can jump on the E470 and be at Denver Zoo in 30 mins, downtown in a little more. We visit the Aurora and Cherry Creek reservoirs to walk. My eldest is at a great kindergarten and is looking forward to moving to a good school for Grade 1 next year. We live in a really nice and quiet community, kids play out on the street safely. There is a little clean and safe playpark a few minutes walk away. We are located really well for shopping! Southlands is 10 mins away at most, plus we have Sprouts and King Soopers :-)   We have only been here 6 months, but it is easily the best place we have lived in, and we came from England!
Hi, do you know how she is with children? We should hear tomorrow whether we are allowed a cat in our house by our landlord (they agreed to a dog but we asked for a cat!). I am home a lot during the day, both my children love animals and have been taught to respect and be kind to all animals. They both adore cats and have been asking for a pet for a long time!  In short, if you can wait a day or two for our landlords response, we may be able to provide a very loving home :-) I will get back to you as soon as I can, but if you do find another home that can take her sooner, do what you need to do for your allergies!
Wow, so much hate on an image.  Sometimes people feel helpless despite of giving blood, donations, whatever, and want to show support and solidarity. To let those affected know that they will not be forgotten. It happens almost everytime there is an incident or major event - one went round for the CO wildfires. If you don't like this stuff then don't comment or like it on Facebook. Don't disrespect other people for having particular feelings.   As for you thinking it is some sort of awesome marketing ploy - yeah, that's exactly how the filmmakers want the film remembered. With sadness and mourning.  People are connecting to the tragedy because a lot of people are being affected by it. I spent the morning trying to support a friend who's daughter was missing (found safe and well at 9am).
Ouch!
ohhhhhhh.... now I get it.
This is a good point, many centres are v limited on space at the moment and are asking people to call ahead to be sure thay can store/accept the offers.
http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/  All the official info on what is needed.
Nope, 13 items in unacceptable, it needs to be a nice even number. Or ending in a 5 at a push!
The previous time I had a tooth out it really didn't hurt at all either! I had to have surgery to get the lower one out hence all the pain (and stitches) my jaw bone hurts more than the gum if you know what I mean. Hope you heal quickly.
Deadly attack in Liege, Belgium
came here to say the same (though agree with the rest that this is really not WTF after some of the things I've seen today)
It was most certainly not spiderbro! I have a tiny spiderbro in the kitchen and have been using him to get more accustomed to arachnids. This bastard was big, mean and hairy!
That's fair enough, as I said I'd fully understand health implications. Even in the UK it is highly probable that a woman will have an elective c/section after a previous c/s.  I struggle to understand the US health system and how those less advantaged are able to ensure that they have good medical advice and assistance during the antenatal and birthing period (and at other times). In the UK I have had two children, both times in hospital (inductions due to pregnancy induced medical conditions) and I couldn't imagine how we could have afforded medical care on top of the costs a baby alone brings. I hope all goes well and that your SO has a trouble free birth!