Well, there's a lot more information on strobist...
You mean the Arts District?
I live in the area and posted something about this on the local reddit several months ago. From what I know it was drug related and the person responsible was well known by the police and friends of the victims. They just didn't have the evidence. I don't know how accurate that is but it certainly wouldn't surprise me.
Nope...
"Plus around 24mm is the same look you'd get from a phone camera, and people like to stand apart from that."  The pictures I can take with my Fuji 23mm 1.4 are COMPLETELY different than those I can take with my iPhone.
Exactly. When I was shopping for a new MacBook, I priced out similar spec'd Windows machines and there wasn't much difference. The super cheap laptops are basically for people who use the Internet and maybe some light word processing or whatever. I'm a photographer so I need speed and a decent screen, so once you get into those realms, even a Windows machine gets pricy. And in my experience they don't last as long before stuff breaks and things get buggy and slow.
One of my friends, who is a mother and complete narcissist, posted this on her Facebook today. I already find it really disturbing that people have kids these days for the purpose of having a "mini me" - and yet us childfree people are the self-centered ones - but actually referring to the child as a mini me is really disturbing. I can just imagine the issues a child could grow up with with a parent who acts like the child isn't an independent person. Good grief!!
I would hope so but it doesn't make much sense to me if it was sarcastic. Why go to the trouble of writing the note? Unless there is some back story here that's not being said.
I'm all about photographer's rights, and no, the guy absolutely did not handle the situation correctly. But people need to mind their own damn business sometimes. Did she really need to be up in the middle filming it? No. She just needed to feel important. Back the **** off while people do their jobs. Any idea how freaking dangerous it could have been for her to be in the middle of a SWAT situation? Completely ignorant on her part.
anyone ever stopped posting their photos to social media?   After being on Flickr for ten years now and over the past few years crossposting things to Twitter, Facebook, and now Tumblr over the past couple of weeks - I'm kind of wondering what the point is. Anyone else started to wonder this after awhile?  I shoot documentary, street, everyday life type of stuff and I have no desire to become a professional. It's an art/hobby thing for me only. I have a portfolio web site so I seem "legit" to people I meet. I'm also applying for a local grant in the fall so it seemed like a good idea to have that presence.  I have a blog because I enjoy it. I also like to have access to flip through some of my old photos from time to time. It can be motivating for me.  But things like Flickr, Twitter, Tumblr I'm starting to feel disillusioned with. I get likes on my photos and all that but it really means nothing to me. I mean, it's nice and all but it means absolutely nothing. Most comments are just people wanting you to click on their profile and look at THEIR stuff. It's starting to seem a little pointless to me.  It's made me wonder WHY exactly I even feel the need to share my photography. I don't think it's a bad thing, but in an objective sense, I just kind of wonder what the point is. You know?
Get new friends
Jesus, worse than the fight is the ignorant bitch screaming in the background the whole time
Grove Ave Family   Cosmetic Dentistry
Hey! I ended up not going because it was a little on the cold side. I will probably head out there one of these upcoming weekends. Definitely appreciate the suggestions, they have really helped me plan things!
This is a 2.8 - old manual focus lens.
Looking for light reading/guilty pleasures - Jodi Picoult, etc
This is reddit. Not grad school.
Yep. I'm hardcore, yo.  I personally shoot a lot of street photography but I don't even like using that term. I've seen too much pretentiousness surrounding it. When people ask me what type of stuff I shoot, I normally just say, "everyday life, documentary style."  Honestly I find that walking around with a camera visible around my neck invites conversation with people. That usually turns out to be a good thing for my photos, not bad. But, I'm also a female so that might have something to do with it.
you guys rock!
Road tripping to area - not that familiar.   Hey all! I live in the Richmond area and I'm itching for a road trip, so I was thinking that this weekend I would just get on 81 and head down that way - Roanoke/Blacksburg/Radford. I went to Radford once years ago but really don't remember much about it. So basically, I know nothing about the area.  I'm a photographer and will be mainly using this trip to just get away and take photos of something new. I will probably be heading down Saturday morning, staying overnight and heading back Sunday night (it's a 3 hour drive).  I figured the best thing to do would be just list the things I like and see if you all have any ideas for places to go. I appreciate it!!  - rural scenes / scenic roads  - Americana, including kitschy tourist stuff, old motels, etc.  - abandoned places (saw the urban exploration thread posted on here within the last day or so, I'll check that out)  - street photography - are there any areas that would have a lot of people around on a weekend? Shopping areas other than a mall?  - I was flipping through the sub and saw someone mention a "growing hipster population" in Roanoke - is that a certain area of town?  - thrift and antique stores  - nature stuff including mountains/river are nice too but seeing as how I will only be there about two days, I don't want to be spending a lot of time hiking somewhere and back.  Thank you!!
I agree with you but it's not taking a dig at everyone in that situation. Given my lack of giveashit about relationships these days, I may actually end up that way too. But this particular guy, according to my friend, is NOT content living his life alone and is NOT happy about not having children yet. That's why I made that comment. It was just funny to me that he was lamenting recently about being bad with women and then he makes those weird comments to me.
"What's your excuse for not having children?" Excuse me???   Figured you all would get a kick out of this.  There's a guy on Facebook I am friends with. I don't know him that well but we have a mutual friend who has known him for years. He is in his early 40s and never been married, and recently told me he "isn't good with women..." well, after yesterday, I learned he is 100% correct about that.  Yesterday I posted a link to some article on Facebook about famous women's response when people ask why they don't have children. I commented that Margaret Cho's comment "I ovulate sand" made me laugh out loud.  This dude sends me a PM. "Do you really ovulate sand?"  Me: No...  Him: Oh. I'm confused then for what your excuse is.  Me: Excuse for what?  Him: Preferred excuse for no babies?  Me: You're right. That's my purpose in life. I keep forgetting.  Him: Ok. I'll let your family remind you in the future.  Me: I didn't post that as an invitation for people to tell me what to do with my uteus.  Him: Alright. Sorry. Enjoy the rest of your weekend.  Um... WHAT? To me personally it's actually worse when MEN give me shit about this. Women I just write it off as ignorance, some of them desperately want babies and assume the rest of us do. Men, I take it a little more offensively. I mean, who the F*** are you? And why do you care about what I do with my freaking uterus? It isn't 1950 anymore, I don't need some man telling me what to do with my life. Good god I was LIVID.  I would NEVER send some parent, or wannabe parent, a message that says something like "What's your excuse for having children? After all, they are useless and the world is overpopulated" - even though that's how I feel about them. Because it's not my place and none of my damn business what they do with their own lives, and I'm not arrogant enough to think that my opinion matters.  The kicker came later when I asked our mutual friend what the HELL this guy's issue was. She informs me that, based on what she knows about him (which is far more than what I know), she is pretty positive he was trying to flirt with me.  Oh god. Well, major FAIL on his part. No wonder he is "bad with women" and is still unmarried in his early 40s. Jesus. What a clueless d**k. What's my EXCUSE? Like I need an excuse to not have babies. AGHH!
I'm the same way right now.... I use my zoom lens as a series of primes (instead of "zooming" in the normal sense) and 99% of what I shoot is either at the 35mm or 50mm FF equivalents (23/35 on my Fuji). From what I've read online people say you are either a 35 or a 50 shooter... but I'm really both.  I recently got rid of my X100 and bought a 27mm pancake lens which comes out to about 40.5mm in full frame terms. I think that might be about perfect for me.
Yeah, sounds like a completely different scenario
God, I'm sorry. I was actually thinking about that when I looked up the program earlier. I would love to volunteer but the things that I am interested in doing are things that would break my heart, too. I went to ONE volunteer meeting at the SPCA years ago and could tell immediately that I would be coming home a mess every day. I thought about volunteering in a nursing home around the corner from my house, but same thing. Just a depressing environment and so much potential for loss just around the corner.
Elderfriends - never heard of it but it sounds like something I might be interested in!
My dog is very defensive on a leash since she was attacked by two dogs last year (requiring surgery, it was a big deal). I live close to Bryan Park and I can't take her there on a leash because of all the idiots who let their dogs run loose. I don't know how she will react to a dog now and I don't want to find out. I don't get why this doesn't occur to people who let their dogs run around and run up to other strange dogs.  It's unfortunate, because my dog has issues due to no fault of ours, but I'll look like the a**hole for taking her out in public, even on a leash, if something happens.
Memorial behind Hardee's by Willow Lawn   In the parking lot behind Hardee's (on Broad across from Willow Lawn) there is some type of memorial with a wreath and flowers. I've seen it there for months, not sure how long it has been there total. Anyone know what it's for? There's no name or writing at all that I've seen.
FB post about children/tax refunds
Frank Underwood, sexiest CF man ever.
thanks!!
Couple more things you have to keep in mind for older cases:  1) A lot of missing persons cases got brushed off back in the day. Either they wouldn't take reports for cases like this, or they would take a report and not do anything with it, leading to -  2) At my department we had a few cold case missing persons cases that slipped through the cracks and were never entered into the national database NCIC (probably because the case wasn't taken seriously at first - in which case the missing person status wouldn't pop up for regular review by the reporting department (by NCIC guidelines). So they end up forgotten... and flash forward to today, they aren't in the online missing person databases that are available now. So there's basically no way to easily connect them to unidentified bodies.  Oh and 3) it was a LOT easier to change your identity before 9/11. It was WAY easy to just slip off in the night and start using a different identity. These days there is more of a paper trail if you go missing voluntarily. We had a lady disappear, family thought she was dead... a month later her SSN pops up in public records and lo and behold, she's in another state. She just said screw it and left without telling anybody. We only were able to track her because she kept using her old information. It's harder now to just make up a new identity without getting caught. Years ago, it happened all the time.