Sophie Howard.
Thank you :)
What a fucking incredible woman. I actually prefer more natural pictures like this to the heavily airbrushed stuff she does on pinupfiles. (I realise this picture could also be airbrushed, but if it is, I don't think it looks as obvious).
Kelly Brook
There's /r/sweatermeat and /r/TightShirts which cater to that :) neither are as active as this sub but still worth a look!
I've never really understood this line of thinking to be honest - that to be considered the greatest of all time he has to have a World Cup title under his belt. He could have played the game of his life, but still lost the final due to someone else's fuck up. It shouldn't affect his personal status as a player IMO.
Is this just a random pic? Or is she a known model? If anyone can ID her I'd be very grateful, she's sexy as fuck!
Well, I can't speak for all Celtic fans of course, but I'm not going to lie - I'm still enjoying it to be honest, for no other reason than they're our biggest rivals, and it's always fun to watch your rivals struggle (see the current Liverpool - Manchester United situation). I realise this is the antithesis of being 'classy' - something which doesn't go down too well in this sub it seems, but there you have it - I just see it as part of the rivalry. Rangers fans were giving us absolute pelters after we got shat on in 2 rounds of Champions League qualifying, and when we nearly went to the wall ourselves in 1994, and I wouldn't have it any other way. It's all just give and take IMO.  Yes, it's absolutely shite for their fans, who just want to go and support their team, but have a board full of fuckwits who only seem to be in it to make a quick buck, but like I said, I'm not going to pretend otherwise just because I'm on Reddit!
a weird cut away.  This is one of the main reasons I dislike cutscenes or actual gameplay that's from a sort of dreamlike point of view - I always feel like it's a cut away, no matter how it's presented, and I just never enjoy them. I have no idea what makes me feel that way, but it does!  I'll definitely play through them on my second playthrough, but for now I'll pass on them. I've already gotten 100% Zerg research which is nice :)
I'm with you mate, I can't see how anyone would see this as anything other than blatantly intentional. Yes a player jumps into him, but the ball was coming straight at him at the time of him catching it. I just refuse to believe there was enough contact, or the keeper was exerting enough pressure on the ball from one side, to cause that to happen! He's lobbed it!
Full length and cleavage shot
Bright heels
Tight dress in bathroom
Fucking hell, I've never seen that before, and it is genuinely one of the funniest things I've ever seen. Laughed for a solid ten minutes there, thank you!! XD XD XD
Powerful thighs
The one in the middle is gorgeous, does anyone know who she is?
Dress with sheer front
Long legs
Sitting on the carpet
[This is the complete picture](http://i.imgur.com/Y8JbgFv.jpg)   :)
It could just be the old cynic in me, but please tell me I'm not the only one who enjoys these pictures from a photographic viewpoint, but finds the quotes that follow just absolute pretentious nonsense. Is this what these people are actually meant to have said at the time? Or were they allowed to go away and think about something and send it in? I only ask because I have never met anyone who speaks even remotely like almost all of these people, and reading them makes me grateful that that's the case!  EDIT: Changed wording
A pleasing jiggle [gif] (from /u/WendyFiore)
Cute blonde
Grey sweaterdress
Tina O'Brien (x-post from /r/highheels)
Red sweater dress (x-post from /r/tightdresses)
Blonde selfie (also posted in /r/hugeboobs)
Ah thanks mate :-) I think I've always just called light blue turquoise so I'll be more careful in the future.
Definitely one of the best pictures I've seen on this sub.
Black dress and boots
Sammy Braddy
Wearing green