Now
Jigglypuff has skills
The Offspring
Liam Neeson
We have some pretty sweet pink tabards too! If I do come back, I'll PM ya for your Real ID haha.   I haven't read up about Lords of Draenor at all - what are the highlights?
Medium - love Patricia Arquette.
I don't have a job lined up - will start applying in May. I'll be staying with a friend and her family for a bit until I get on my feet. Savings - a bit, moving back home before I move so I can save a bit more. I have a handful of friends there.
You're brave, I wouldn't want glitter getting into my japs eye (if I had one).
This thead would def be an interesting read!
I love to laugh and enjoy making others laugh so I'm instantly attracted to someone who is awesomely witty and has a healthy dirty sense of humour. I also like to burst into song when someone says something that makes me feel like a particular song would be relevent to the situation...when someone gets what I'm doing and sing along...instant attraction!
What's your favourite meal? I feel like this crucial piece of info has been left out!
I'm definitely excited to get started on it, to not have to worry about acne anymore..I can only imagine what that's like. Thanks for taking the time to comment :)
Cranium
A lobster perched on a giant eye-fillet steak (rare) wrapped in streaky bacon on a bed of prawns with a side of mushroom sauce and mac n cheese.
A desk fan.
Thanks for the tip!
Me too!! Here's mine - http://imgur.com/iB9d1Af
Sleep paralysis
Cartwheel landing in the splits
Waste of time
Haha that's so awesome!!
To be honest, if a guy I was into had pics of naked women as their wallpaper - I'd be nervous and intimidated because I wouldn't be able to live up to those ideals.   In saying that, I appreciate looking at an aesthetically pleasing male body so I wouldn't want to be a hypocrite.
Slumdog Millionaire
Check out this Greek restaurant - so good we ended up going twice during our road trip - http://www.costastaverna.co.nz/
Shaun of the Dead - great date movie that one!
Best acting performance I've seen this year - Jake Gyllenhaal in Nightcrawler.  Of all time - Christian Bale in the Machinist
That's just one that bugged me, I didn't have time to add any of my other stories. There was a time someone wasn't happy with our policies (her bill was very much overdue) she was yelling and swearing for approximately 19 mins straight and after telling her my surname (she asked) she completely lost her shit...."what kind of surname is that?" blah blah blah and questioning whether I was "even a New Zealander" - that stung a little bit.
Bacon
Lonely Hearts Club
Awesome!! Congrats :)
Up until the beginning of this year I had been friends with this person for 11 years since our uni days. In hindsight, it was a toxic friendship - I had to constantly walk on eggshells for fear of pissing him off, he constantly had tantrums, was very calculative and he only helped others if it benefited him. Everyone was scared to stand up to him because we didn't want to rock the boat.   After coming home from a road trip with a group of friends to celebrate my birthday I spoke to a mutual friend about how hurt I was that this friend constantly sulked, got angry and even gave me the silent treatment for a couple of hours. This "friend" had told me on my birthday that when friends piss him off, he likes to make them feel like shit. That was the last straw for me, that's not what friendship is about.  This mutual friend told this guy what I had said and obviously this "friend" of mine was royally pissed and started ignoring me while trying to gather a merry band of idiots to turn against me as well. He managed to turn another friend I had known for 11 years against me but was unsuccessful with the others. (We're all in our late to early 30s)  We never patched things up, I was very upset about it all for months but then I started realising that I was finally free of this toxic influence in my life and I could now enjoy the friendships I choose to nurture. It's not about how long you've known the person, it's about the kind of influence they have that matters for example, whether they're positive and supportive people. It's still very awkward when our original group gets together but it's OK, I'm spending most of my time now with wonderful amazing friends.
I'm from New Zealand - my impressions of the following states:  Texas - Steak all day everyday Florida - Key Lime Pie Louisiana - Creole shrimp, okra and collard greens Maine - Clam Chowder NYC - Street vendor hot dogs Hawaii- Spam Illinois - Deep dish Pizza