When someone comments in /r/cringepics or /r/creepyPMs that something is fake. Who gives a fuck? No one has any way of knowing. Yes, people CAN be that cringy. If it made people cringe/laugh/feel uncomfortable, then whatever.
They have these in the grocery stores near me. For wine. It's nice. I'll drop a bottle in and then let it chill while I'm shopping. Perfect temperature to pop open on the drive home.
This is why I own a gun. I'm a small female living alone. I can't imagine if anyone were ever to break in and all I had to defend myself were my weak punches. Thanks for sharing your story with us.  I am surprised there wasn't more hassle with the police. I always assumed that a situation like this would still result in court hearings and the like. Sounds like it was pretty cut and dry.
This was reiterated in February of this year.  [“We will not ban questionable subreddits,” Reddit’s CEO, Yishan Wong, wrote in the aftermath of that catastrophe [The Fappening]. “You choose what to post. You choose what to read. You choose what kind of subreddit to create and what kind of rules you will enforce. We will try not to interfere — not because we don’t care, but because we care that you make your choices between right and wrong.” That echoed Reddit’s official line on the Violentacrez scandal in 2012: “We stand for free speech. This means we are not going to ban distasteful subreddits.”](http://www.thestar.com/news/insight/2015/02/20/how-the-reddit-exodus-illustrates-the-state-of-free-speech-on-the-web.html)
Sorry for joining in the chaos and posting an inappropriate picture here. I'll take it down, if you guys haven't already. It's just that I've just lost my reddit home and don't know where to go :(  Thanks for the words of support though. It's really been astounding to see just how much support we're getting from the other subs, even the ones who didn't like FPH at all. Lots of respect to those who are making this purely about the censorship.
Faces were left in, unless it was a minor (which were never posted as the primary focus, but were sometimes in the photo. Their faces were to be blurred or pixelated out.) All other identifying info was washed (name, Tumblr blog URL, Instagram name, etc). No info was left that would have led a reader to the individual's personal or internet existence. This was strictly to *prevent* FPH users going off reddit and trolling someone. It was the opposite, and I'm sharing this in the name of transparency. A more typical scenario is a FPH reader trolling a fat person IRL (Instagram, Facebook, etc) and then anonymously posting about it to FPH, with all identifying info removed. The non-existance of the subreddit won't stop people from posting things on other's Instagram/Tumblr/FB posts; it just takes away the place to share those trollings (if you will).  There was a notable doxxing less than a month ago. Last I followed, the FPH user came close to losing his/her job, and may have since then. All the content from FPH is gone, or I'd share the details for the sake of discussion.
That escalated quickly.
Adventure Time!
As the largest group, we definitely have the best networking. And networking is the center of all good things that could happen to your professional career. As for parties, we don't think before we act, so the wildest things always seem to happen to us, over the more reserved colors. *"Did someone say drunken bicycle race?? Fuck yeah, let's do it!"* We are lacking in our philanthropic efforts, as we tend to think more of ourselves than anyone else, but we have joined a couple of alliances for the betterment of the Button community! That counts, right?
I agree with this. I'm on my computer non-stop from 9-5, and then I'm not on until later because 5pm is when I go run errands and be social and stuff. I think a better time frame would be around 10pm when we're all out of after-work things to do so we're home and bored and on reddit.
How is it not a choice? Burn more calories than you eat. Fat people are *choosing* to eat too much and not work out. And don't cry "medical conditions" because that makes up a very small percentage of overweight people. They just aren't trying hard enough, if at all. Also, most of their actual medical conditions would resolve if they lost weight. [Here's a video of a man who couldn't walk unassisted and still lost weight.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qX9FSZJu448)
Just started watching this show, so I'm still in the honeymoon stage of thinking things like this are really fucking cool. Thanks for posting.
I remember several years ago there was a story about a family of a particular religion painting a religious mural on their driveway to commemorate their son's coming of age. The HOA had a field day with fines and the like. Made it to the local news. I was probably 15 years old, and it made me furious even back then.
Out of all of the things ITT, this is the one thing that *actually* screams its own name while you use it.
Now I'm imagining cars saying their own names like Pokemon.
I'm in the same boat right now. I've had the flu all week and today was the first day I felt well enough to put on real clothes and leave the house. I haven't been counting calories all week (and I'm pretty sure my app is going to yell at me when I open it up tomorrow).  No real help here, just letting you know you're not the only one. I will have to return to working out a bit slowly, as the flu took a lot out of me and I think I'll be weak and vulnerable for about another week.
I have the best chicken ramen noodle recipe ever. It sounds so gross but it's incredible.  Make the noodles, strain out most of the water. Then stir in about half of the seasoning packet and toss it with a bunch of lemon pepper. Set it aside.  Cook a can of cream of chicken soup. Ladle the soup over the noodles to your preferred level of soupiness.  Enjoy.  The whole thing costs like a dollar, and takes 15 minutes tops. And it's so delicious.
Wine glass works nicely too.
He moved away yesterday   I have a feeling I'm about to be a more frequent poster in this sub.  First of all, thank you to all of you who offered kind words and encouragement on my last post. Yesterday was the day. He left my apartment and I immediately called my best friend who came over with wine and Christmas movies, which was awesome.  I feel like crying and throwing up. I barely slept last night, my appetite is all but gone, and I'm still doubting that I can even do the long distance thing. SO is so confident that everything will be fine and we'll make it, so I'm hoping his confidence will rub off on me in time, and I'll gain some better faith in myself.  I think what worries me the most is that the move is indefinite. I have a career where I am now, and he has no plans for returning. He's starting a career in this new location. How is it suppose to work if we have no plan of being reunited at some point in the future?
Have you checked out meetup.com? Not sure of your location, but if you're in the states, there are all kinds of meetup groups on that site. I host a group and we have random people show up sometimes and they like it and they become part of the group.
Sexual desire is a weird thing for most of us it seems. And while it's true I probably don't find humor in the same things that you do, I still have a good sense of it.
Netflix will always be there for me.
Virginia
August Rush
I'm sorry but the fact that you said "prolly" instead of "probably" just made my year.
How old are you?
Not trolling, and way to only discount a portion of what I said. At the time this article was written, the CDC was still saying we weren't going to get it in the US at all. The operative phrase in your post is "so far". Just one confirmed case is still a start to them happening more and more here. Ebola has an average infection rate of 3 people per infected person, and with an incubation period of up to 21 days, the possibilities are at least mildly troubling.  In a fast-building story like the Ebola coverage is, an article published two weeks ago, let alone two months ago, like this one, is irrelevant.  Do your research.
OMG I LOVE THIS SHOW!!! I would probably still watch it today if I could find it.
Do you lie about the stupid stuff that doesn't matter?   Example: boyfriend texts me to go pick him up. I'm sitting on reddit writing a particularly lengthy comment. I text him back with a lie, saying that I was finishing up a work email and would be on my way in a minute. I didn't even think about it; I just said it.  Anyone else lie about the most asinine things for no reason at all?
Solve my medical mystery! My doctor has run out of options. Eustatian tube issues, maybe?   Here's the background: for as long as I can remember (at least as young as 10 years old) my ears have felt clogged up. I try to yawn or move my jaw around or hold my nose while blowing to try and get them to pop, but they won't. Sometimes I have autophony. When I try to make them pop, I just hear some crackling, like they're trying to, but the pressure won't equalize. I can't go under 5-6 feet of water without it being excruciating because the pressure won't equalize. Oddly, I have zero problems with flying. It's extremely uncomfortable and I just want my ears to be normal. I've had hearing tests done and I have no loss of hearing. They've tested the pressure behind my eardrum and found it to be normal.  I've been to 4 ENTs. The first 2 told me I had allergies and told me to take daily Claritin and stay indoors. Tried daily allergy meds for a few months with no change. Staying indoors is not an option. I've never had allergy problems in my life, but I was willing to give anything a go. After that didn't work, ENT told me I would just have to live with it. Third ENT told me the same thing.  Fourth ENT was the first to actually try real solutions, and even though he couldn't fix me, I still thank him enormously for trying. He put me on two months of steroid nasal spray. When that did nothing, we decided to undergo the placement of tubes in my ears. I had that surgery three weeks ago. There is still no change. At my follow-up yesterday he has now told me there's nothing else to be done. He says sometimes the nerves send a signal of fullness to the brain so that it feels congested when it's really not. I can't accept this, because then the water depth wouldn't be an issue and I wouldn't get that crackling sound when I move my jaw around. Also, the autophony probably would not be an issue if it was just pesky nerves.  reddit, there must be something to be done. The congestion makes me want to stab holes in the side of my face as if that would help relieve it, and it feels like this all day, every day, for the past 15 years at least. I will answer any questions that may help solve this mystery.  Please help!
Googled "typography examples" for the graphic design lecture I'm giving. Was not disappointed.
A place for anything to do with goats in trees! Check out the newly stolen and relaunched /r/goatsintrees