LoL - Well, hm. Let me consider the facts before me. You type with an accent, which suggests a bit east from where I am on this blue dot. Well, quite a bit east of where I call home. But, based off this one small clue... New York? No, no... not even close, what was I thinking? ........Wisconsin? Possibly?  As for myself - I live 20 minutes outside of a city I like to call Sea-Town.
If he's saying things like this to you, and insisting on doing things that make you uncomfortable, then, to me at least, it doesn't sound like he's in it for 'you' or 'us'. It sounds a lot like he's just in it for him. If he's not making an effort to understand what you're going through and support you, than I'm with scratch on this one - start exploring your options. Yes, it's scary trying to think of the future when you're so unsure of the present. But don't let that further cripple you. Talk to your parents about moving in with them temporarily until you can get back on your feet, financially and emotionally. If he isn't taking the steps to help you, then start taking steps to help yourself. Small ones at first, bigger ones when you feel more confident. But the small steps are important, because each small step leads to a small victory, and with each small victory, you come closer to a larger victory - those big steps you can take. And while you're winning those small victories, your confidence will grow. Take care of yourself. If you feel you don't matter to him, don't let that effect your mindset. You do matter. You are worth the fight. If not to him, then to someone who can and will support you and seek to understand you. I hope you the best of luck in whatever you choose to do, and  I sincerely hope that your situation does improve. Keep fighting. It's worth it. It may not be easy, but it is worth it.
If you don't mind me asking - is your condition permanent or temporary?
You're welcome!
Might I suggest expanding upon this? Tell us what you're going through, right here. If you're comfortable, that is. But you're protected by anonymity here, and I know that may seem terrifying, but it can be rather liberating. What I'm driving at with this is - post everything you're feeling right now. Post what you're going through. Get it all out there, and when people see it all, if they can relate or feel they can help, a good bunch of them will. But if you still feel you want to speak one-on-one, I can't guarantee I'll be the best of help, but I can at least guarantee that I will a) listen, and b) tell you whatever I feel comfortable telling you. But from experience, I know it's good to just get it off your chest. So I'm here if you need me.
I'm so sorry to hear that. The loss of a family member is traumatic. Throughout my life, I've lost my grandfather, my uncle, and most recently my aunt. I didn't really know my grandfather (I was young), but my uncle and my aunt, I was pretty close to at points in my life. Losing them was hard.  As for your relationship - you are -not- ruining your relationship because you're mourning for your mother. Maybe he should take a step back and think - maybe he's ruining it. I'm sorry, but it doesn't really sound like -he's- invested in it, especially if he's cheated on you. And telling you to 'get over it'? That's ruthless. You just lost your mother, there's no way you can just 'get over it', and if he were more compassionate, he'd understand. He'd be there for you. I'm sorry, but he sounds toxic, and he just may not be the one for you, because if he truly loved you, he'd be supporting you through this. You're going through a very dark time, and what you need is a light to help guide you when you lose the path, and keep you warm while you rest. They should be a shelter to the storm, not the storm itself. I'm sorry, I don't mean to sound judgmental, but you may need to reconsider your current situation with him, weigh the pro's and con's of staying with him, and if the con's outweigh the pro's.... go from there. Do what you have to do to keep yourself going. And if you find yourself in a dark place again, and he's not giving you the emotional support you need, come back here. Lurk other posts, read the comments - you might find someone in a similar position, or with similar experiences. I hope this helps, even if a little. Take care of yourself. You're worth it.
Anger is natural in some forms of depression, unfortunately. I call them 'rage-flashes' when they happen to me. Something sets me off, sometimes something as simple as an imagined sleight in my mind, and I just want to lash out. It's unfortunate when we do lash out, because then we end up hurting ourselves, or worse, the people who care about us.  Sounds to me like you and your grandfather were close? Because it sounds to me like his passing had a dramatic effect on you - which death, especially the death of a family member, can and will effect you. Especially if that person is close. I recently lost my aunt to pancreatic cancer - about 3 months passed between her diagnosis and her death. It was quick, it was vicious - and it was painful. When I found out she passed, I cried. I cried hard. Her and I hadn't been that close in the past few years (mainly because of distance, living in a different state), but I remember going to her place a few times every summer when I was little. So, when she passed, all those good memories flooded my mind, and I fell apart. I got depressed. I spiraled out, and just got angry for a short time at the universe - because how could it be so cruel as to take her from my family so quickly, and with such little warning.  It's painful, there's nothing you can do about it. But that pain reminds us that we're human. Being human makes us special - regardless of whatever you may think or hear - being human does make you special. And being special makes you worth it. You are. As for you happiness, when you're dealing with so much, it can be hard to find. But it can be found. Start taking steps to get help with your depression. See a doctor, talk to friends who you can trust to seriously listen, and if none of those really appeal, come back to /r/depression, and voice your thoughts and feelings. Because, again - you're worth it. You really, really, really are.
I was 21 when my wife took mine from me. And I have a bit of understanding what you're going through. Kids in high school who knew I was a virgin hassled me about it relentlessly. Even some of my friends took shots at me. But that's because a lot of them are assholes, and don't know any other way. They're stuck in their own little bubble, and they think they have it figured out, meaning they think they know how things should be - so if you haven't lived a life that parallels theirs, you're somehow in the wrong.  You're not. You live your life the way -you- want to. It's your life. And women can be fickle creatures sometimes - sometimes they can be interested in someone without ever giving a sign they are. The woman who would become my wife was interested in me all through HS, but I never knew. She never gave one sign. It wasn't until after high school that we began to date, that she told me she had this 'secret little crush' on me all those years.  There's hope. There always is, you just need to look. It may be a longer search than you'd like, but don't give up. You're worth it, and eventually you'll find someone who can see that - and that person has the potential to be your 'one'.  And I agree with MoonBathing - if peoples reactions to learning this about you does so much damage to you, stop telling people. You'll only be helping yourself. The DJ's comments weren't geared towards you specifically (at least, I sincerely hope not, because then that makes him a bigger douche-waffle than I thought), but was making a generalization. But still, forget that guy. He was in your life for a split second. I know that some people can inflict a lot of pain within that second, but it's only a second in the timeline of your life. There's more to be told in your story, all you have to do is keep going, one page at a time. Hope this helps, and take care.
So glad to hear you found something that helps! Keep up with it, especially since you sound so passionate about!
Right off the bat, no matter how much a job pays, if it feels it isn't worth it, it isn't. The pay is not worth the damage it does to you. I'd like to tell you, so you can further understand that there are others who endure the same hell, day in and day out, 40 hours a week. For me, it's at minimum wage. I am currently seeking another job, but until then, I'm stuck at this one.  I work in customer service at a gas-station. Between two companies, I've been doing this for almost a decade. I have 40 hours scheduled, hours I'm given suck. Take this week I'm currently working -  Sat - 6a-2.5p Sun - 9a-4.5p Mon - 9a-4p Tues - 10p-6am Wed -10p-6am Thurs/Fri off.  An hour shy of the 40, but because I've already been having trouble sleeping this last week, it's the two over-nights that I'm truly dreading. Because of the area I'm working in, those two nights will be spent split between my duties, and keeping tabs on the heroine addicts that hang out in the general vicinity of my station.  This is a job I hate. I've had a lot of interesting experiences throughout these years, and some very scary situations. Some examples of what I've gone through, just trying to do my job.  One night at my old station (company I worked for before this current one), I was getting ready to break down my register and go home. I was working the closing shift, so it was getting close to 2am. Doorbell chimes, and I look up - straight into the barrel of a gun. I was lucky - all he wanted was the money, so as soon as I handed it over, he was gone. That stayed with me for quite some time.  Several weeks ago, at the station I'm working at, we had a small car-fire out at one of our pumps. When I looked outside, all I could see was smoke. I freaked - but my immediate thought was 'No way I'm dying here, not for this company, not for this shitty pay'. So I hit the 'all-stop' button (turning off all the gas-pumps), grabbed the fire extinguisher, and did what I had to do. That was quite stressful.  Something that happens to me practically everyday at work stems from a policy my company has in place - everyone gets ID'ed for tobacco/alcohol, regardless of age or frequency of visits (we're a bit of a corner store for a lot of people, so we see some people multiple times a day). That was two years ago - and to this day, I still have people coming in and getting blatantly hostile with me over one simple question; "May I see your ID?". Because of that one damn question, I've been told to fuck off and die, I've been called a fascist asshole, I've been called a skinny little faggot, I've been told I'm going to be hunted down and murdered, and I've been told that people like me are soulless assholes.  And all I'm thinking here is, "I'm just trying to do my job". I hate it. I absolutely hate it. When I was at my worst, I'd get home and drink like a fish. I wasn't happy until I finished a 6-pack myself.  And I'm still stuck there. But I don't intend to be stuck there forever. Now, I mentioned I worked for two companies - I did manage to get out of that hostile environment, and into a -very- good paying government job. I ended up walking away from that job (for a lot of reasons), regardless of the fact that it paid well, and ended up back at a gas-station. Every day is SSDD; Same Shit, Different Day. Everyday. I lose track of what day it is, what week it is, much like you do! And it's hell. But I've finally reached a point where I'm done taking it.  I'd suggest you consider what I'm doing as an option for yourself - while you're working this job, when you do get home, do yourself a favor and start looking for another one. They're out there, all you have to do is look. There are websites dedicated to just that alone, for various lines of employment. Put together a resume, because that right there gives you a chance to put down your best attributes and personal strengths - right there, on paper, for you to actually visualize. Then go out there, get some job interviews lined up, and give it your all! Because you're worth more than the 40-hour-grindstone! We all are! I hope this helps, even if in some small way.
Good - going to /PTSD is a step in a good direction, and I hope someone there can help you. And I truly hope that this storm passes for you. Good luck, and take care.
Thirded.
Have you been checked for Post Traumatic Stress Disorder?
Six times down, seven times up. Whenever you fall, all that matters is that - at some point - you get back up. That's what you're doing. Life may have knocked you down, but you're picking yourself back up! That's applause worthy! Good job!
I'm glad I could help. And I meant every word of it. As for your faded dreams - see it for what it is; a blank canvas. The dreams you held may be faded, but that presents you with the opportunity to grab some paint and some brushes, and paint yourself a new one. It's do-able, and I have confidence that you can do it, for the sheer fact that you reached out to seek help. Remember, you're not alone. And as for the hope I've given you - take it, wrap it up in a box in your mind, and save it - save for the next time you feel like this, and when you do, reach into your mind, and tear open that box as if it were birthday present. Let it warm you through the cold and dark times. Take care, stay safe. Blessings and hugs.
When you're suffering like you are, there's no reason to stay silent. In fact, in my experience, when I try to hold it in, I find it doing more damage than good. And you may be right about some of the people in your life - they truly may not understand what you're going through. It hurts. It really does. But, again, there's no reason to remain silent, and there's no reason to go through it alone when you don't have to. And you don't have to.  You're not alone. Take some time to lurk through the depression sub, see what other people are going through - you'll be amazed at how much you can relate to. If you find you can't open yourself up to people in your life, then I've found it helps to step out of your comfort zone, and do what you're doing right now - finding a way to express how you're feeling. And in my opinion, you chose the right venue to express to. People here do care, and they are willing to help. Even if it's just to lend an ear for you to vent to, we're here for you. Talk our ears off. Tell us what you're going through. Some of us are even willing to just let you say what you want to say, and remaining silent so you can just vent and get it off your chest. Which helps. A lot.
And I'm glad you did. I've been there - made plans, got everything prepared, and then - boom - at the last second it becomes a one man party. And I spiral out in much of the same way. It's the depression. You're beating yourself up for reasons you're not even sure of, and when you're depressed, your mind instantly goes to the darker places. Did he explain why he had to bail? Is he a friend you can trust? Because if he is, err on the side of friendship, and trust him. Or, is he someone you feel you can't trust (and do your best to think through the fog that depression envelops your mind with)? If he is someone you feel you can't trust, as much as it pains me to say, you may want to reconsider your friendship. Or - when you do get him to sit down with you, see if he's willing to discuss it openly with you. Then go from there.
If you don't have any plans, I'd suggest coming here and being open and honest about what you're dealing with, and what the day means to you. But the most important thing that I noticed about what you just said is this - "Two years ago". You made it past that date once already, you can do it again. You've shown that strength once, and that strength is still inside you. But again, if you're having trouble, maybe put aside to come here and ask for help. There are a lot of people here who can - and will - help you through that day.  There's no reason for you to face it alone.
He's right - as hard and cold as some people act, they're human, and they have their own experiences, some of which may parallel your own. Like teklord said - it never hurts to ask.
In regards to my own depression, yeah - I've had those days. I wake up feeling like I can actually face the day, only to have it ruined somehow, at some point. By the end of the day, I feel exhausted, mentally and physically, and when I get home, I don't want to do anything.  My best advice to you would be to speak to a doctor, explain to them your situation, and most of all - be honest. A good doctor will do everything in their power to help you, especially if they find that you are suffering from depression.
I may not know you, but I am interested in hearing what you have to say.
No problem. Take care, and remember - we're here for you.
I was diagnosed with clinical depression at 16. Depression developing in the teenage years isn't that uncommon. I'm 31 now, and I still, to this day, have days like you're having now. Speak to someone, someone you can trust to listen. You feel burdened? Then find someone who doesn't mind helping you shoulder that burden. There's always someone - like here, right now. You're doing yourself a solid by opening up like this, and days you feel like you do now, come back here and let us know. I've only really been active on reddit today, but I've noticed that there are a lot of supportive people here, with varying degrees of experience with depression, with different forms of depression, and who are willing to share that experience and knowledge with you. I hate to bust out the corny "the more you know" quote, but when it comes to depression, it's true - once you find out what type of depression you're experiencing, you can research it. As you learn about it, the knowledge (at least in my case) helped. There's always a way, and you're never alone.
I do this to myself more than I'd like to admit. I'm a recovering drug addict, but I still have a few issues with alcohol. It runs in the family. So, sometimes when I'm feeling really low, I drink. The more I drink, the lower I get. The lower I get, the more I drink. See where I'm going with this. You're drunk, so yes, you are probably being a bit more honest than you're used to - but I'm sorry, you're also drunk. Drink some water, eat some plain bread to soak up the alcohol in your system, and sober up a little. I'm serious - because alcohol isn't a cure, all it really does (at least in my experience) is either cover up what you're suffering, or just magnify the pain. You are in no way, shape, or form wrong for feeling the way you do, but the alcohol doesn't help. Please, sober up, and if you're still feeling that suicidal to the point you want to take your life - all I ask is that you come back here and make your feelings and emotions known. That's what this sub is for, and there are people who are here because they want to help. Please, you're worth the fight, even if you don't feel like it right now. Even when you're sober and you don't feel like, you're worth the fight.
I'll be straight up honest with you - I've never heard it myself, but I have friends who have, and it's heartbreaking. People who suffer from depression tend to be some of the most beautiful, compassionate people in the world, even when they're not feeling it themselves. But I do understand the fear -  My wife and I have been married for 2 years, and together for 12. I suffer from clinical depression, which means that I will be dealing with it all my life, like I have for as long as I can remember. All I've ever really known in my life is sadness and darkness, with some breaks of sunlight along the way. Some breaks lasted longer than others, and some seemed to only last a few moments. It's hard on me. But it's also very hard on her. I got lucky - I got damn lucky. I found a woman who's stronger than I could ever be, and she uses her strength to help me keep my head above water. But even the strongest among us have our limits. Every time I fall apart, there's always the question floating around in the back of my mind - "is this the last time she'll be here for me? If she left, could I blame her?" Like I said, I've gotten lucky. As for your situation, don't give up on love. Love saves, as corny as it sounds. This guy wasn't the one for you. I'm not going to say he broke under the pressure, but like I said - even the strongest among us have our limits. Him stepping out on you is on him, not you, and not your depression. And if someone sees something in someone worth cherishing, then someone else can potentially see that as well. So like I said, don't give up.
No problem. Take care of yourself. :)
This honestly sounds like the beginning to the relationship between me and the woman that would eventually become my wife. She saved me. When we met, I was 21 and a complete mess. I was doing cocaine daily, popping pills whenever I could, and basically doing whatever drug that was placed within my reach. The reason? The same as yours - I absolutely hated myself. For the first few years, I did like you - I never once told her about my depression or my past drug use (I cleaned up for her, which was one of the hardest things I've done in my life, especially trying to do it in a way that she'd think I was just weird/crazy and not a recovering drug addict). She was supportive of me to begin with, but when I finally came out and told her about everything, the love and support only grew. If your man is even as half as kind and supportive as you suspect, I honestly feel you have nothing to lose, but everything to gain by telling him. Once he realizes he's your front line of defense against your depression, he'll be capable of being there for you in ways you can't imagine. For me, my wife certainly was.  From there, with his support, your battle with depression can only get easier. Educate yourself about your condition, and include him in what you learn, or when you tell him, explain to him what you do know about it. I hope this helps, even if just a bit.
Hopefully you find one someday. Don't give up hope just because you haven't found one yet.
One more person in your support group is a major win by my standards. And now you know you have someone at work, on site, that cares enough to help you through it while you're there. Double bonus!
I can relate. I work in customer service at a gas-station, and because of some of our policies, I deal with a lot of blatant hostility. On top of that, I've suffered depression all my life - so waking up to face the day sometimes is almost more than I can handle. I'm not afraid to admit that some days, I wake up in tears because I just -do not want to go-. What I'm doing right now for my situation is exploring other job options, while showing up to work every day and telling myself one simple thing - "I can do this. I did this yesterday and the day before, I can do it today". As for your depression, find someone you can talk to who you can trust to take you seriously, if you haven't already. But as for today, I wish you the best of luck.
Agreed - as a fan of the genre myself, that does sound very metal. And as for what deertribe said, they're right. The sheer fact that you're acknowledging your depression and that it's effecting you in such a way is a step in the right direction. The fact that you chose to sit down and express yourself instead of suicide is a leap in the right direction. You obviously have a poetic touch, and I'd like to encourage it. Keep writing, whether you share it with people or not, keep writing. It's something that's helped throughout my life, and it's at least something worth exploring.
Small victories are like grains of sand - a handful may not seem like much, but with enough handfuls you can fill a sandbox. With enough sandboxes, you can make a beach.   View it like this - fighting against depression is like fighting a war. One victory isn't enough to win the entire war, but winning a battle will lead you one step closer.  And with that said - keep fighting. You're worth it.