I think if you look on the Iowa State DOR webpage they might have a link to a Youtube series where they give a virtual tours of the dorms.  I lived in Maricopa (near Walton) last year and absolutely loved it. The apartment was clean, well furnished, and fairly close to the Cyride Red Bus line. I had my own private bathroom and my bed was lofted, not sure if yours will be. Good area overall to live in.   Edit: Someone mentioned Walton being far away, it is quite far by bus but if you have a car not bad. Away from the chaos of campus but Welch is still within decent distance so you can hit bars and such.
I'm well aware that it's not intrinsic to any people and occurs across many demographics. I was acknowledging that fact that I've encountered a couple people with that mentality in my life, the last being over 4th of July weekend. Overall people are overwhelmingly supportive, they believe in my more than I do. I'm not sure what your point is.
Yeah I've met people like that, their mentality is fucked up and poisonous. Same people who scoff at me for being in graduate school "you're gonna study your life away." Nope making a better one for myself. I'm extremely lucky my family is nothing like that.
They have alot of these available to watch on Amazon Prime video. I binged on Hey Arnold! and Rugrats the other day. No shame.
Stop making wild, racist accusations when OP hasn't said anything remotely race-related. You don't have the right to judge someone's identity or perception of their environment. Especially when you're not a part of it!  And if anything is "lesbophobic", you're username certainly is.
Not OP but sometimes it is hard to deal with, it gets tiring after awhile. But I also know who I am, as well as my friends and family, all that we've accomplished. Most of the POC I know don't fit any one of the common stereotypes I see, so I know it's bullshit. I see a lot of the racist people on Reddit as ignorant and uncultured, and definitely not qualified to speak for "the black community".
I think it's the fact that people don't see rice, black beans, protein, and cheese as calorie culprits as obviously as say McDonald's or other fast food. I think cutting the tortilla helps a lot.
Witch hazel works for me, after a gentle cleanser like Sebamed.
Source?
I'm now on Zoloft after being on Lexapro and Prozac previously. Prozac gave me restless leg like symptoms and dilated pupils. I had a bad reaction to Lexapro. Zoloft however, has been awesome. I'd go as far to say it saved my life and my grades. I don't feel so mentally weighed down that I think about suicide constantly like before. I can focus more on the day than my feelings. Worst side effects so far is crazy dreams and having a hard time getting up in the mornings. Fair trade.
Long horse held by long pig.
Haha that sounds really cute actually.
both heredity and learned  I think you mean hereditary.  Heredity is based on the genes and associated alleles you received from you parents. Epigenetics and environmental factors influence this as well. And fine motor skills is located in the same place in every normal person's brain.  Source: Biology grad student
Every family has one.
Well jeez. Tell it like it is, I guess.
How do you personally answer the race and gender sections of job applications?   I'm in the process of applying for jobs for this summer and there is pretty much always "optional" questions asking for race, ethnicity, and gender  identification. Back in high school I experienced a "processing error" every time I checked black. So I decided to experiment and click white. Received a smiley face and was told my application had been submitted.  Now as a college grad I'm unsure if I should check the black box, prefer not to answer, or straight up lie.    I heard these questions are used simply for statistical purposes or for affirmative action or to filter out POC from the applicant pool. What do you ladies do in situations like these?
Hmm I don't know. Food is required so your cells can produce power, proteins etc so you don't die. Sex isn't really necessary for individual survival. Sex and dating can be nice but also come with a shitload of potential consequences. But as a horny motherfucker, I do see your point.
Good point.
Thanks!
Thanks for the source. I'll do some reading.
I'm in the same boat. It's tough to accept but I'm gradually getting there. I was jealous of my friends who came from teen parents because they get more time with them.
My solutions to your problems:  -park in the back. No door dings that way.  -Go at night.  -Amazon reviews for deals and reviews  -Ask the friendliest associate you can find  -Don't go to Walmart  -Say hey, on second thought you can help me with something!  -Wear headphones, no small talk   -Sleep on any major purchases.  Fellow anxious person here, hope it helps
I asked my mother if God was behind human reproduction (we were discussing pregnancy).   nbsp;  *Why yes of course, how could you explain that miracle otherwise?*   nbsp;   Ask if God is the reason for AIDS and syphillis:   nbsp;  *No, that's human's fault because they're being nasty!*
I've used those cheap travel sized deodorants after shaving or when I get ingrown hairs, works wonders. Of course I wouldn't use it right before hooking up, would taste gross I imagine.
Can I ask how you correlate breasts with womanhood? Many women (like my sister for example) are practically flat-chested or have them removed for surgical reasons, but don't seem to feel dysphoria. What is it about your penis that bothers you? I'm just trying to understand what you're feeling. Would you rather have a vulva, clitoris, period etc?
First off, I really enjoyed your post! Second, forgive me if this is a dumb question but where do you meet other black lesbians at? I swear I've exhausted all my POC options and can't find non-white girls for the life of me. Like you, I can't really see myself with a white girlfriend and I like femmes (also femme), but I feel like white chicks are my only option or remain single for the foreseeable future lol. My going to school at a PWI in a small Midwestern town might have something to do with it:/ I really want to move
Do you have a source/citation for the third link?
My friend is from Uganda and I asked her the same question. She said as child everyone seemed rich and well-off. She said it seemed like there was a lot of racial harmony despite everything that happened. Also, the whole pull yourself up by your bootstraps opportunity for everyone. Boy was she in for a rude awakening.  Not to say she dislikes America, but everything is not as warm and fuzzy as she thought it would be.
Smize
[Top comment from another thread?](http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/2h9aer/seriously_dont_ask_me_what_its_like_to_write_hit/)
Stephen from Django Unchained. Yes, I understand the need to survive in a hostile environment, but that level of Uncle-Toming and snitching is unacceptable. I cheered when he got shot!
That was gnarly! Made my face hurt a little. Very cool!