Thanks...fixed...
The issue is that while [productivity of Americans has risen over the past 30+ years](http://i.imgur.com/9L4MlB1.png) wages have not gone up and remained nearly flat.  The CEOs and top 1% are siphoning that money into their pockets.  Think of it this way.  Imagine you get paid $10/hour and can build 100 widgets per hour.  In time, through hard work, longer hours and so on, you improve to be able to build 200 widgets per hour.  Except you still get paid the same and the CEO takes a pay rise.
Ellen Pao: 'The trolls are winning' on Reddit
You're completely right but I am tired of voting for the lesser of two evils rather than a candidate I like.  Given a choice between Clinton and (say) Trump the choice is simple (Clinton) but I'll hold my nose while doing it.  And therein lies the problem.  Clinton (and her staff) are well aware of this.  As a result she knows she does not need to pander to the more liberal side of the party because she knows they won't pull the lever for the conservative anyway.  So she can safely tell them to all go fuck themselves and what are they going to do?
[P47 is best as a hit-and-run "energy fighter".](https://youtu.be/Lu5vX86TdIU?t=629) Which is to say get altitude on your enemy, dive on them then use the energy from the dive to escape and climb back to altitude.  Rinse and repeat.  It actually wasn't a bad all around plane at all and could out-turn a BF-109 or FW-190 even at low altitude (BF-109 was definitely an energy fighter and getting into a turn match with other planes was usually death for it but they were lethal in hit-and-run fights).
Strictly speaking, dogs are rarely associated with being able to tell right from wrong, and what is correct and what is not. To them, mauling another animal may just be something that is natural and all part of the chain of life.  Dogs absolutely do have a sense of right and wrong.  There are [countless examples you can see on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=guilty+dog) of dogs looking guilty.  They look guilty because they know they broke the rules.  One reason dogs work so well as pets for humans is dogs are innately social animals.  Even in the wild there are dos and don'ts among the pack that are enforced by the social structure.  Dogs are not a walking, furry machine of random.  They abide by and adhere to a set of rules just as humans do.
Here is some further detail (article is from 2011 so "newly-released" isn't accurate anymore):  A newly-released study from the Congressional Research Service bolsters claims that the nation's largest banks profited off the Federal Reserve's financial crisis-era programs by borrowing cash for next to nothing, then lending it back to the federal government at substantially higher rates.  The report reinforces long-held beliefs that the banking system in essence engaged in taxpayer-financed arbitrage: They got money for free, then lent it back to Uncle Sam while collecting juicy returns. Left out of the equation are the millions of everyday borrowers, like households and small businesses, who were unable to secure loans needed to tide them over until the crisis ended. [SOURCE](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/04/26/fed-lending-helped-wall-street_n_853884.html)
I recently bought a 980 for G-Sync but till that used AMD cards.  They all worked great with one minor issue with a Total War game that took the devs months to sort out.  Other than that flawless and game performance was excellent.  But yeah, my last card (7970) would *literally* heat my room in winter (I had to cover up my vents and I live in Chicago so yeah, gets cold here).  Kidjanot.  EDIT:  AMD's points system for playing games that would get you discounts on games and hardware was a joke though.  I play a lot of games and barely racked up points and the "deals" were barely deals at all.  Since it just sort of happened in the background it didn't really matter but it actually pissed me off more than made me happy because it was so much BS.
Nope...still no clue but you are right.  I'm not into pop culture at all.  Despite that I am still aware of some of it because it is hard to miss sometimes (ala Katy Perry in the Superbowl or Justin Beiber being made fun of on late night TV or PSY's Gangnam Style or Nicki Minaj's epic booty to name a few).  So I guess it is surprising that as popular as you say this guy is (I believe you...saw the link) he manages to fly under the radar of some people (because some of it, see aforementioned examples, is hard to miss).
In this case the existing base game is the same as the original and the original is/was outstanding.  Truly one of my favorite games ever and one that has stuck in my memory all these years (I would regularly visit GOG hoping they'd have it before this re-master was announced).  All they have done with this is polish up the graphics and re-master the music (I think) and we can see in the videos what they have done on those counts and it looks great.  So yeah...this is one I will break my no pre-purchase rule on because, technically, I've already played it and loved it.
Let's say you flip the coin 10 times and get all 10 heads. You currently have 100% heads; this is pretty improbable but not at all impossible.  This is one of the reasons humans are bad at listing a random set of numbers.  A real random set will include streaks of the same number repeating.    IIRC in an infinite set you can expect any arbitrarily long string to occur.  So if you flip the coin infinite times you'd expect somewhere in there to have a run of a billion heads in a row.
Not quite sure what you are asking but remember light, while fast, has a finite speed.  *Everything* you see is how those things were in the past.  For most things, such as stuff you see in the world around you, that time differential is so small as to make no difference.  But when you look into space the distances mean those time differentials are noticeable.  So yeah, if I was two light days from earth then I would see the earth as it was two days ago. If it exploded yesterday I would not know it till another day passed.
Story, to me, is what lifts an at best mediocre game to become something special.  Straight-up mechanics only get you so far.  It would be akin to a roller coaster ride.  Sure its fun at first but it wears thin really fast if that is all there is to it.  One can point to the likes of Doom and Serious Sam as examples of nearly no story and fun gameplay being a workable mix but there is a reason we have not seen their like in a decade or more (at least not highly successful ones).  Look at what was done with the recent Castle Wolfenstein to see how story lifts what would have been a fun romp into something exceptional.
History is littered with examples of, "What the hell is this good for?"  Then, somewhere down the road, it became indispensable.    It may be that this never amounts to anything.  Or then it might see some unforseen future use.  Or it may be that the science and techniques for this become useful in some other fashion.  Who knows?  We do have a lot of evidence from the past that seemingly useless pursuits became hugely profitable.  Then again some are dead ends.  Overall it is well worth the effort as even failures and dead ends educate us.
Very cool. (really...super neat tech)  As noted in the video though it seemingly cannot take into account road conditions (e.g. rain, snow).  I am interested how it knows how heavy a load it is carrying which they do not mention.  That data is certainly critical.  Overall though very neat stuff.  The question remains do any other manufactures have advanced safety systems or is Volvo the only game in town for this stuff? (Again, really asking.)
I think that is evasive.  We all have histories and we all have a sense of what is important to a potential partner.  Clearly we cannot give a recitation of our life story on Day #1.  Some things are relevant though and important.  Would you want someone with an STD to withhold that info from you?  They need not relate how they got it but they should tell you.  Personally I do not know how I would react if I found out after the fact I had sex with a transgendered person.  I want to say I'd be cool with it but honestly I do not know.  I can say I'd be upset that I wasn't told beforehand.
I'm with you and the problem is restaurants like to put it in damn near every thing they possibly can.  Ok, a bit of hyperbole but seriously, it is pervasive cuz it is healthy or some shit.  As noted there is a portion of the population genetically disposed to not liking it (and I am one of them) so it is not even a matter of learning to like it.  It is fine that some dishes use it as no one expects every dish to be to their liking and some people genuinely like the stuff.  But it need not be on nearly as many dishes as it is.  Is it really necessary in every bowl of salsa in every Mexican restaurant ever?  It is really necessary on practically every dish at Wow Bao? (I always ask them to hold the cilantro yet almost invariable they drop it on the dish anyway.)  I do not know if everyone is like this but I feel like the princess in the Princess and the Pea story when it comes to cilantro.  I swear I can taste one speck of that shit if it is anywhere in the dish.
I have not seen it mentioned yet. This one is truly an excellent movie (dark comedy).  - Harold   Maude  1972, campy, hilarious at times and a Cat Stevens soundtrack.   You'll thank me later.   Edit to add: If you like truly old movies (read black and white old) check out Blithe Spirit.
As for us that like unions: no.  Unions are partly their own worst enemies.  In principle they are great.  In practice they have become big business in their own right that are more interested in their own existence than their workers and (sometimes) are dominated by organized crime.  Workers coordinating and uniting to protect their rights is *great*!  But they can create an intolerable mess too.  There has to be a good middle-ground (I am thinking the Germans have a good model for labor relations with management).
This is an asshole cop shooting a guy. Im not setting up a new system here. Im not reforming the courts and laws. I just dont care if these kind of scumbags get shot.        Don't start going down that rabbit hole and reading too deep into my comments.  Seems pretty clear you are fine with police dispensing summary judgment on anyone who robs a store and ok with them imposing the death penalty for that crime as a just and proper punishment.  Judge, jury and executioner all rolled into one.  When suggesting such things you need to consider how you'd feel if this was done to someone you care for.  Imagine your brother or sister (or best friend) robs a store and a cop rolls up and guns them down.  You'd be ok with that?
The courts broke up Ma Bell and there was no publicly owned anything about it.  Note that where Ma Bell has a monopoly is still in the local markets but not long distance.  It is actually cheaper to call long distance now than it is to call locally.  How do I know?  I work in Chicago and have setup fax systems for companies that do a lot of faxing (mortgage companies are a prime example) and it is cheaper to route the fax via ISP to offices in another state and call back to Chicago than it is to have the suburban location phone downtown Chicago directly).
It's all talk or at least it has been for 20+ years. I created a research report on nuclear energy for my high school enviro. biology class in 1992, which included mention of these types of reactors. There are still none in mainstream energy production today.  You realize they built an operational one back in the 1960's?  The Molten-Salt Reactor Experiment (MSRE) was an experimental molten-salt nuclear reactor at the Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) researching this technology through the 1960s; constructed by 1964, it went critical in 1965 and was operated until 1969. [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Molten-Salt_Reactor_Experiment)  There are also some working today or in the works:  - [Thorium fuel is now being tested in the Halden research reactor in Norway. It was loaded in the last week of April, defining the start of a physical test program that will simulate how it operates in a power reactor.](http://www.world-nuclear-news.org/ENF_Thorium_test_begins_2106131.html)  -  [Chinese going for broke on thorium nuclear power, and good luck to them](http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/finance/ambroseevans-pritchard/100026863/china-going-for-broke-on-thorium-nuclear-power-and-good-luck-to-them/)
If this is [the song](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGJmt5HNTTg) you are referring to then they definitely took samples from the song I linked to.  Great songs both.  And I know what CJ was after hence my winky face.  I just saw the link to Nina Simone's song in your title and photo so had some fun with it is all.
Yeah...it talks a little about it in the article:  The BBC understands that Google does not search Gmail accounts for other forms of illegal activity, such as pirated content or hate speech.
While I cannot speak for the individuals on that panel (I do not know who they are) they are speaking at a Heritage Foundation event which make them among the war monger faction.  The Heritage Foundation was a big supporter of the invasion of Iraq.  The woman speaking decries the millions killed despite most people being peace loving which seems to imply it is worthless to be peace loving.   Seems to me her rant is a cautionary tale about keeping an eye on people exactly like her who would lead you to war over the most meager of provocations.  Four dead in Benghazi?  Sad and tragic to be sure but does it merit that whole panel?  Four people (or more) are shot per day (NOT every day) in Chicago with some regularity.  How about they convene a panel to solve that problem?  Oh yeah...there is no money in that.
There are numerous legal opinions that can be found about whether Congress can sue the President and they nearly all agree that Congress cannot do this.  They hold this opinion regardless of ideology because this has already been pretty well established.  Here is a [conservative viewpoint on why it will fail and is a waste of time](http://www.forbes.com/sites/daviddavenport/2014/07/10/boehner-vs-obama-to-sue-or-not-to-sue-that-is-the-question/).  If you do not want to read the article the short version is Congress lacks standing to bring such a lawsuit.  They cannot show they have incurred damages thus have no room to complain to a court about this.  There is nothing new about this stance from the courts.  In the end the courts view this as a political problem to be solved via the political process.  Congress is far from powerless in this regard.  As a practical matter they may be frozen today but they DO possess the power to rectify these problems on their own without court intervention which is (rightly) why the courts want to stay out of it.
I read that as I'm making all this shit up as I go along.   Well...it is Chicago afterall.  If you do not like the weather wait five minutes and it'll change.
Well, there isn't a court yet that agrees with you.  An appeals court also found today that banning same sex marriage is a violation of the constitution: [Federal appeals court: Utah can't ban gay marriage](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/court-utah-gay-marriage-ban-unconstitutional)  The article notes that there are now 14 federal rulings in favor of same sex marriage (this does not count state court rulings).
This really is a terribly complicated subject and one people have dedicated careers to get a handle on.  As such remember this is ELI5 so you will get the ELI5 answer that misses a lot of complexity.  In theory currency values are based upon Purchasing Power Parity (PPP).  This is the idea that the same basket of goods will have an equal price in any two countries.  Exchange rates, in theory, move towards PPP.  So let's say there are 100 one-dollar bills in my country and there are 200 one-peso bills in your country.  If a loaf of bread costs $1 in my country it should cost $2 in your country (the peso also uses the dollar sign).  Each loaf of bread costs 1% of the outstanding money in the country.  As such we would have an exchange rate of $1 US for $2 MEX.  As you can see how much currency, among other things, affects the value of your currency.  Go further and you can find one mechanism for the collapse of a currency.  Let's say I have $200 in my economy but I am in debt so I print more money.  Remember that loaf of bread costs 1% of the outstanding currency.  If I now have $300 in my economy because I printed money the bread now costs $3.  Thing is, the people who live there do not have more currency because more was printed.  They still have the (say) $5 they started with.  This is inflation.  Inflation devalues the money you have on hand.  If today the bread costs $2 and tomorrow it costs $3 your money is effectively worth less.  It takes more to get the same basket of goods.  A little inflation is actually a good thing.  Deflation is worse for an economy.  That said only a little is good.  A lot can be a real problem and it can get really, really bad (called hyper-inflation).  Hyper inflation can collapse the currency.  This is the point where the money is essentially worthless and the country reverts to a barter economy.    As an example post WWI Germany experienced hyperinflation.  *"In 1922, a loaf of bread cost 163 marks. By September 1923, this figure had reached 1,500,000 marks and at the peak of hyperinflation, November 1923, a loaf of bread cost 200,000,000,000 marks."* ([SOURCE](http://www.historylearningsite.co.uk/hyperinflation_weimar_germany.htm))  Zimbabwe has this problem now.  About a year ago (not sure where it stands today) Zimbabwe was printing a $100 trillion note that was [worth about $300 US](http://thefinanser.co.uk/fsclub/2013/07/zimbabwes-currency-crisis-and-the-100-trillion-dollar-note.html).
LIVE: Tom Wheelers Net Neutrality Proposal at the FCC - Digits
Edward Snowden Poll: Traitor, Should Be Charged
HTC One Android 4.2.2 update reportedly coming mid-June, we go hands-on with leaked version | MobileSyrup.com