Too lazy to link them all. * Death for my Birthday - Say Anything * Hurt - as sung by Johnny Cash * Mad World - Gary Jules * Adam's Song - Blink 182
This seems like a great question to pose to a medical professional. The Internet isn't always a reliable source of medical advice.
I am currently prescribed cymbalta and Wellbutrin. I have been taking them for 4 years now. It is very important not to miss doses of cymbalta. The withdrawl symptoms hit like a truck, for me its feel like I am drunk minus the euphoria with occasional brain zaps. I set my pill keeper on top of my cell phone every night to remind me to take them. I think the benefits outweigh the added responsibility of remembering my medication. I hope this was helpful. Good luck!
My powered cube!   [cube link](http://www.cubetutor.com/draft/12282
I'll let you know! So far no complaints but, its really only been played on cockatrice...
Thanks for the feedback! I have been considering adding more burn and brown ramp. I'll have to do that next time I am at my pc! I'm not sold on a perfectly color balanced cube. IMO, as long as it's pretty close all color combos are viable. Combos were something I was definitely trying to push.
Still wanna do some iron banner? Gt: ThyPlaidKnight 28 lock
What a well written post. I would join that group of handsome Devils any day.
XBONE Lvl 27 warlock looking for help with level 28 weekly heroic strike   ThyPlaidKnight  Feel free to add me!
I like the idea of doing the draft over a longer period of time. A group could just set up a editable google document, give a 24 hour time limit per pick. The only real downside is If everyone has 24 hours to make their picks it could take as long as 360 days...
Vintage Rotisserie Draft   I was thinking about vintage rotisserie draft and a reasonable way to play it, Cockatrice seems perfect. For those who don't know what VDR is check it out! [link](http://archive.wizards.com/Magic/magazine/article.aspx?x=mtg/daily/feature/114). Would anyone be interested? This is a super huge time investment, dropping from it would be a huge detriment to the group. It would likely take all day.
Pox. He is kinda a dick.
Zur fun for everyone   So, I enjoy being a huge jerk, and I think winning is best done with my opponents frowning. This is a Zur-Stasis list I have been fooling around with over the last couple of days. I know it is missing vanishing, I just don't think it does enough, I am probably wrong. Sundial is there for janky desolation, smokestacks synergy. Chornatog is there for janky stasis lock. Any tweaks and suggestions would be great! Thanks!  [The List](http://deckstats.net/deck-3763446-95ac98ed43819bcdb61bb4fe3a7eb2d8.html)
Hellrider, Stormblood Berserker, Shrine of Burning Rage. Red deck is usually under-drafted in my meta...
Damnation
Build a stax deck...
No worries though, I called no homo a few months ago.
I think the rule is its only gay if you finish.
Balance because tears.
They are usually evenly matched. My fiance and I only play duel decks or draft together; we love them. But, if you are looking to pull them apart for the cards you are better off just buying the singles. It really depends on if you want to play with others, or just with the girlfriend. If you want to play with others hit up your local game store see what they play!
Blowgun.
My penis
Buy in is just the precon at msrp. The prize is a sealed commander's arsenal...
I'll work on adding more color fix!
Sealed Commander 2013 Tournement   My LGS is having sealed commander tournement.  Which deck do you think has the best shot at winning? Which deck seems like the worst?
My first cube. Resubmitting as a cube tutor link. Any help welcome! Peasant Cube...
People. People are shit.
I once told an adopted kid at least my parents loved me enough to keep me...
My father threw my sister out of the house for burning a pizza. She was 21 at the time, just graduated, and was looking for a job. She was forced to move in with our older sister.
"The is no such thing as a accident." I still feel awful whenever I make a mistake.
Over the Top
I really suggest trying it out. I was surprised as to how much more energy I had.