Told a cop he cock blocked me when he busted up this party we were throwing because of a noise complaint after he pulled me and a girl in our underwear out of a bedroom. I was hammered and in handcuffs in the front yard and basically yelled it at him. Then I asked another cop if I could hit the cigarette he was smoking.  No idea how I didn't end up in jail that night.
Beautiful.
I used to work at a casual restaurant for a bit right after high school, and a couple of my bros came in to chill at the bar before my shift ended.  This girl I knew who I shit you not could pass as a goddess came in to get some food. They know I was crushing on her pretty hard, and I got a bit nervous. When she came up to talk to me, after the hello's and whatnot I made the mother of all mistakes, especially with two of my friends right there.  *laughing about something* "So like, do you come here often?"  I just hear both of them burst out laughing for half a second and then try to conceal it, and the girl smiles as I'm trying to play it off and says she'd text me and left.  God I still haven't lived that one down.
i cabn foinal;ly d5r4ink alchol.  n this st8ujpid cuntr54y
Now if your team doesn't have any real disables and you're facing something like a storm or AM yeah the early orchid or hex is probably more viable. But if you've got good disablers holy hell it's a fun build.
"This will just lead to people threatening to feed if they arent unmuted by their team"  If they're starting off muted, how would they threaten anyone? You'd have to unmute them just to see what they're saying.   I'd love to be able to manually unmute someone. I don't care about stupid flaming. If random people on a video game are making you upset then that's a personal problem. If I can tell none of their communication is going to be helpful, I'll re-mute them. The current system screws over the other members of their team moreso than the person that's even muted.
That'd be cool.
I've played from 1.8k-3.2k in my time of Dota 2. While these elements are still prevalent in 3k, this describes 2k far more accurately at least for US East.
wut
EG, Secret, IG, VG, LGD are 5 for sure.  The next 5 aren't as easy.  C9 should get one. Rave should just because they need to direct invite at least one from SEA right? So that's 7.  Asus and Empire could receive invites but are kind of on the brink. Alliance has been showing up big recently, but on the brink as well. Navi definitely isn't getting one.   EG, Secret, IG, VG, LGD, C9, Alliance, Asus, Empire, Rave are my prediction if there is 10.
I leave Dota open on my computer for days at a time even if I'm not playing, so I don't judge by hours played.  My first account, the one I learned on, has 1,226 games at 2.2k MMR. I got put at 1.8k when I calibrated because I did it at 13 immediately and still didn't know jack shit about the game.  The account I use now has 350 games and I'm at 3.2k.
Kappa
Haha actually you're right, especially if you hit it at a slightly wrong angle and ended up trapped inside of the rubble instead of going through. Happened to me a few times.
I'm 3k and I actually prefer playing at these hours. Generally the players are less skilled and I can take over a game easier.   Yesterday morning, maybe around 6 AM, I was Enigma and we had a WD on our team. The game was pretty close, I'd say we were in the lead around 35 minutes but it definitely could have gone either way. WD and I were running away from a team fight that we had just lost, followed closely by the 5 members of their team that had survived. We had a PL that got picked off earlier, that was respawning around this time. Radiant bottom lane, where our T1 used to be, I blinked into the trees, WD tried a juke spot. Our PL repsawned, TP'd into the T2 and started running to help us. Their team split into groups of 2 and 3, the 2 went after WD, who promptly casked and Aghs ulted them to death, and the group of 3 thought I TP'd out, so went after our PL. Luckily for me my Black Hole had just come off cooldown, and I BKB blinked into the center of them and used it with the aid of PL.  5 wipe, three of them rage quit. So satisfying.
God I fucking hate this. A game yesterday had a Troll mid on our team. Easy win right? No, he fucking sucked. As TROLL. Didn't go bottle, didn't go acquila, went directly into Phase/Shadow Blade. 25 minutes in all he had were Phase, SB and a morbid mask. I kept trying to tell him to go solo rosh after 15 minutes and his only response was "play your own hero."  We ended up winning, but definitely not because of him.
I wish there was a way I could just play a few games at 4 or 5k in some kind of practice mode or unranked so I don't drag down people's MMR if I'm the reason for a loss.  I feel like I have the game knowledge and game sense to perform well as a support or member of the team, it's just my mechanics of last hitting aren't up to par with their level to be able to adequately farm well enough to carry a game.
At what MMR do people actually start knowing how to play?   I know things like this get posted all the time, and this actually isn't a "complaining about my teammates" kind of thread.  I've played between 1.8k and 3.2k MMR over the past year and a half. Currently sitting at 2.9k.  Back when I was sub 2k, people knew nothing and at that time myself included. 10cs at 15 minutes, running into 3 enemy heroes solo, facepalm worthy item builds, etc.   When I hit 2.5k, it was a bit better. Usually 3 out of 5 of your team knew for the most part what they were doing or how to play the hero they chose decently. There was always the bad egg or two every game that still seemed completely clueless though.  When I popped over 3k, it seemed like for the most part it got better. People knew to farm instead of face rushing enemies at 10 minutes. People could actually land skill shots, knew to TP away instead of just feeding, etc. But I'm still finding absolute retards in most games. Last night, at 2.9k, our Sniper bought a Skull Basher. People still run into a jungle blind looking for a gank and get mad when they die 1v4 because the other team TP'd to a tower and counter ganked.   I'm nowhere near a perfect or pro player and I know that. Obviously we all have bad games where we get off to a shitty start and can't quite bring it back around. But I don't pick heroes I'm uncomfortable with or don't know how to correctly play, and that's still what I'm seeing even in high 2k. The game I just got out of, our Clinkz flamed the enemy Tidehunter for hacking because he didn't know Orchid didn't do an immediate instance of damage and Tide was able to Blink out before Clinkz could land the first arrow on him (our Clinkz was Russian though so that could also explain his toxic nature.)  My questions would be, assuming I can continue to rise in MMR, when will I see consistently a full team of people that actually know what they're doing all the time? When does the game become more of winning as a coordinated team rather than who has less noobs, for lack of a better word? When can I actually rely on my teammates to make good decisions and play well by themselves instead of feeling the need to be the captain/coach the entire game?
I made a thread about this the other day. The consensus I got was that those 4 extra keys are used for your control groups to make micro'ing easier.   Personally, I've only been playing Dota 2 for a year and a half. Before that I used WASD for movement of some kind in every game for the past 7 years of online gaming. It's muscle memory at this point. I have absolutely no problem changing up my hotkeys a bit and reaching the two inches with my index finger to hit another key, especially being a hardcore WoW player for 4 years where your spells required you to hit 1 through = on a consistent basis.  You can try it out, but it's not going to magically make you a better player if you're not comfortable with it. In fact, you're going to have to spend a lot of time getting used to it and you'll be worse until you do.
Eh Sniper is okay I think. Shrapnel is his only skill that MAYBE could use a tiny nerf because it's ridiculous in the lane but eh.  Troll on the otherhand is fucking retarded. I spam picked him the past two days and went 11-2. Base movement speed dropped by 10 is needed. Maybe increasing the cooldown on his ult by 10-20 seconds as well because if you have any enemy T2 down and you win a team fight, its pretty much instant racks regardless of enemy buyback timers.  Or just remove his built-in bash. He gets a free 3k gold item on a hero that every 30 seconds attacks at near max attack speed. I think removing the bash would make him trash tier in people's eyes though, which is usually what you want to avoid.
Okay.
You need to get your diffusal before you're useful in any way. I still think he's best as safe lane to secure it asap, but I've been trying him offlane just to see what happens. With Soul Ring he's great at harassing a potentially squishy enemy carry out of lane if the supports rotate away.  I've had a 50/50 split as far as success goes, I've really only played like 6 games so far though.
Visage  Since when?
it's kinda pointless to discuss strategy in pubs  Uh, actually that's most of what this subreddit is for considering 99% of the people on here only play pubs. It's actually more pointless to talk about pro dota considering, again, that 99% of the people on here are not pros. And neither you nor OP specified which you were referring to.  Bye Felicia.
Definitely practice your last hitting. At up until 3k, that's the biggest thing that can give you the edge over your opponents.   Also learn item builds on heroes. For example you're buying a Null Talisman on the Spectre games I looked at. Completely useless and a waste of gold on that hero, meaning you are less effective in the laning stage than you should be, giving you a hard start on a hero that usually needs a good start to be effective. Shadow Blade is also useless on that hero, and to some extent Spirit Breaker as well.  You're also not really picking strong heroes to play. Visage and Elder Titan are probably way over your skill level, and Spectre isn't really that strong right now and definitely not in your MMR where most of your games are 30 minute 1 sided victories.  My advice would be to learn some bigger tempo controllers, outfarm your opponents and control the game. But that doesn't mean run into 3 heroes solo and expect to triple kill them. Solo pick off heroes are usually the best because 1. Players in that MMR rarely buy wards or TP scrolls, and generally don't have the map awareness to utilize them properly and 2. Players tend to farm and play way over aggressively. Punish that with a Shadow Bladed Slark killing a solo hero at your top T2 when their team is in their jungle or other lanes, for example.
We know what we're doing (by we I mean the Bengals organization, *not* the fanbase), we're putting faith in him. Whether or not that's the right decision will be figured out in the next few seasons. I'm always one of the first to criticize Dalton but he's led the Bengals to the playoffs more in 4 years than Carson Palmer did in 7, with comparable weapons.  Cutler's been around since '06, Dalton only since '11.   You also have Tannehill in Tier 6 even though he's started 3 seasons and hasn't seen playoffs once.   Not trying to nitpick super hard, but just saying.
if someone ganks you before travels and take your stack, you've almost lost the game singlehandedly for your team as you're now a liability during his most effective window, he falls off a lot, and to catch up you have to vacuum your carry's farm.  That's true for almost any traditional mid hero. Gank the sniper, gank the viper, gank the zeus, gank the storm, etc. Just because there are ways to counter him doesn't mean he's bad.  Maxing Q/W in lane is extremely strong against most heroes. I've gotten more kills then I can count because of a rocket to drop them a tad, wait for it to come off CD (this works best against mids that don't run bottles), laser, rocket, rearm, rocket. It's definitely not as easy as it was before, but in my personal opinion he isn't bad.
before and after makeup [fixed]
Well this happened
So the theme for Wednesdays is music, how about everyone go to their music playlists, put them on shuffle and link the first 5 songs that pop up?   [Blue Oyster Cult - I'm Burnin' For You](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pTvbXMRMnHo)  [Fine Cut Bodies - Beaver Blink (Ooah remix)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGyJbMCfjRU)  [Pink Floyd - Another Brick In The Wall](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iU2-r_0CtIo)  [DJ Q - Sound of Violence(2 step)](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJnCBJ9WUSc)  [Blink-182 - Up All Night](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iRB4pykTjGg)
Every Man's Dream
It's cold and I can't text with mittens on.
Stupid teachers.