I'll happily send you a card from Scotland if you PM the address :)
Hi there, I'd love to send a card if you PM me the address :)
Hey I know this one, it's on a really good street for second hand book stores and quite close to where I lived last year :3
Oh my goodness this made me smile so much :3 You adorable thing, you
If you ask for whisky with something (i.e. as a mixer) I usually find you tend to get something fairly everyday such as a blend like Famous Grouse or whatever, or something like JD (so ofc regular bars serve non-Scottish whisky) which is pretty fair enough. If you want a specific whisky you usually ask for it by name e.g. "a single of Highland Park" or whatevs. I feel like in most places in Scotland with a reasonable selection of whisky, whether or not it was all from Scotland, specifying a "Scottish whisky" would sound kind of redundant, maybe I'd say it if I were asking for a recommendation or something from the very large category of Scottish whiskies. I dunno. I'm waffling.  Disclaimer: am English but have spent most of my drinking years up north slowly drinking away my dreams to the brutal sounding of bagpipes...
I like how he casually insults and shames all guys who don't conform to a certain set of masculine traits... And for the record, there is no 'wrong' way to be a man, and despite what some toxic elements of Reddit might tell you, all women aren't exclusively attracted to hulking 'douchebags'**. Go out there and live your lives! throws confetti :D  Sorry for uncalled for soap-boxing, I just have a lot of feels :3     ** ^^it's ^^also ^^not ^^ok ^^to ^^call ^^guys ^^'douchebags' ^^just ^^because ^^they ^^are ^^more ^^'manly'/muscular/frat-bro-y ^^than ^^you
What.
I'd also be happy to Skype as I feel like I'm in a similar situation (moved to a new place with bf and don't really know anyone, definitely need to put in some effort to meet new people but find it hard), we could maybe have group chat or whatever.   Anyway, I came to this thread to suggest something that I read in Susan Cain's book, 'Quiet' that might be helpful: have a rule where you make yourself do something you'd maybe find socially daunting X number of times a week/month/whatever works for you. Once you have done this then don't worry or admonish yourself if you then stay in and excuse yourself from other social events etc.   For example, this evening I'm off out with a few people from work and this will be the first time I've done anything social with them outside of work before, naturally I'm a bit nervous. I'm sure it will probably be enjoyable if anything once I'm there but the point is that doing so will be tiring and a little stressful for me. But once that is done I 'don't have to' do anything social like that for the rest of the week. I can stay home and do my own thing all weekend if I choose and not feel guilty or dwell on how I did or anything. Next week I have to push myself 'out there' another time, and then forget about it, and so on. Hope that makes sense :3  Edit:It's an approach that works for me because while it encourages me to push myself socially, I have a clear point when I can say "and now the 'me time' begins" and just chill
Hear hear, all the guys in my friendship groups who subscribe to TRPer-esque beliefs are generally under confident, and it's a big shame. I too am finding it hard to jerk anymore. These guys are just sad, angry, and vulnerable, and need to know that the world is, for the most part, not a scary and exploitative place.  Edit: missed-out letter
Oh hey some of this research was done at my undergrad uni. I took a module by one of the main Face Lab researchers on facial attractiveness that was really interesting, not least of all because I do occasionally see TRPers misunderstanding a couple of his papers (see: "she is so going to cheat on you when she's ovulating" discussions). But yes, basically 'biotruths' are not something you want to live your life worrying about. The TL:DR of it is that individual humans may be born with certain shared tendencies to find certain features attractive, but primarily we are a species that develops mostly in terms of our own personal experiences, the family and people we grow up around, the type of environment in which we live... Basically we are an adaptive species, and like how we are not born knowing a specific language or culture, but rather with the ability to learn these things based on our formative experiences, so too it is with sexual attraction. Way more efficient and adaptable, right?  Anyway, I highly recommend you guys read "*In Your Face*" if you're interested in learning more about human attraction to faces, how we process faces, all that stuff. It's a very enjoyable and accessible book, as all good pop sci should be :3
Haha, oh wow yes that's it! Gosh it even has Christopher Lee and Peter Cushing in it...in fairness my knowledge of horror movies is crazy weak. Thanks :D  Edit: and yes, I am currently searching through it on youtube for the guinea pig part, although maybe I'm remembering that from something else, it was a very minor detail...
I like this approach and could definitely do with adopting it myself.   I especially like it because it means that if I don't like a book, *it remains unread* and so there's still that chance that some time down the line I might think "hey maybe I'll give it a go again" and find that, coming at it at a different time or from a different perspective, I might still have a chance to 'click' with it in a way I wouldn't have on the first reading. Much better than battling through it joylessly and then forever thinking "yeah, I read that book, it was suck".
Could be caecotrophs? Guinea pigs, like many other fibrevores produce two kinds of poop, the regular pellets you see all over the place, and a special kind which they eat immediately as they excrete it, so it's rare that you get a chance to see them. I have no idea what they look like but from descriptions they are softer and smellier than regular poops. I'd recommend doing a bit of Googling, I wish I could point you in the direction of something more helpful...  Edit: http://beefycow.com/what-does-normal-guinea-pig-poop-look-like/ Either way, it seems that if you do find them about the cage (instead of them being eaten immediately) then there might be something wrong
Seconded! I used to love 'high fantasy' type stories as a little girl, but I guess I lost interest in the genre as I grew up. I used to think I wasn't that into Discworld, as I'd originally tried reading the first couple on the series and wasn't particularly impressed, unaware that these are generally considered to be not at all representative of the others in terms of quality.  I'm so glad I gave some of the later books a chance, and would definitely say to others not to be put off by the earlier titles.
I find that subs for specific fandoms or topics (like a particular tv show, book series etc.) are generally a lot less negative, though all have their own circlejerks ofc...
A girl you say? Like video games you say? Allow me, a perfect stranger, to tell you why you don't really like them and are just pretending to for male attention. WHORE. Then I'ma hit you with a relentless stream of quizzing about video game trivia and make you feel incredibly uncomfortable and unwelcome should you get one wrong.  Why are there hardly any girls in my ~~unwelcoming boys' club~~ fandom?  P.S. will you go out with me?
Definitely a name says a lot about us and it's one of those difficult things that something so personal as our own name isn't chosen for us, but by our parents. I think I would consider myself fortunate to have the first names my parents gave me and I don't think I will ever be judged in the way you described based on my name. I agree that parents do have a responsibility to name their children in a way that will give them a dignified start in life.  But for the love of all that is good I am so sick of this unoriginal and persistent circlejerk we all seem to have here about bashing children for having weird names all the time. Surely that just adds to stigma of unusual or ethnic names? I mean, for Christ's sake, literally making fun of children's names, how fucking witty and insightful.
This is both adorable and so painfully relatable. I'm sure you've not ruined your chances though OP, just talk to her again some other time or whatevs.
Yeah, it's always reassuring to find out that some things are...'things' that other people have talked about and given names to :) When I was a little girl I used to sort of 'force' it during long school assemblies, by staring at the head of whoever was standing at the front of the hall and making it switch to looking tiny and close up. Clearly it didn't bother me so much back then and I really wish I hadn't; I think it's made it 'easier' for my brain to switch into that mode and gah, it's horrible.  A few tips for trying to snap out of it: Shaking your head. Getting up and moving about in the room, so you can appreciate the actual scale of the world through more senses than just sight. Pinching or hurting yourself in some way. If it's night time, switching on the lights can sometimes help. These can usually work for me, hopefully they do the trick for you too :)
Thanks for the info :) He seems completely fine this evening and I'm keeping a close eye on him. Yesterday (when he was hooting) I had just switched them on to fleece from shavings for the first time, so I'd be surprised if there was anything dusty going on; his breathing and nose seemed perfectly clear. This evening he is maybe a bit more subdued than he might normally be about this time (they tend to run and play a lot around about now) but it has been so hot today and it still quite warm in my flat (it's coming up to 11pm just now).  I wish I had had them both a little longer before this scare, because I'm still only just getting to know what is 'normal' for these two :p
Oh.
You might want to try /r/snackexchange or /r/CultureSwap :) Hope that helps
Needs more Nick Cage ;)
Yeah, Kyle Maclachlan was a pretty decent Paul in my eyes. Not exactly how I'd pictured him though, especially in the sequels beyond 'Dune', but honestly I think he was well enough cast. Also I ^sort ^of ^have ^a ^lady ^crush ^on ^him...
YES! Thank you, I knew it was by someone familiar  Edit: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5LNHYz89sNc found it.  Second Edit: I will totally read the short story at the earliest convenience
No you're right, I misspelled it and didn't even notice until you pointed it out. Rest assured I feel suitably dirty and ashamed :p
Yeah, and after loving the film for so long, dare I say I was actually a bit disappointed when I got around to the book :-\
These are so gorgeous, thanks for sharing
Sweet, that's a whole bunch of cool information, I hope I can one day be in a situation to use all those rat care tips :3
Thank you :D
I wasn't feeling too well yesterday so I decided to treat myself to some craft supplies including a little needle felting kit by Dimensions. It was pretty fun considering I'd never even considered trying needle felting before :3  I totally want to do more!  (Also here's a few more pictures if you're interested http://imgur.com/a/u8Osj#0 )
This hurts in such a relatable way, OP...