{O.P's girlfriend}That's awful. Schrödinger was rescued at 4 weeks old by a chav that was going to drown him. I brought him to full health and he's been the softest, cheekiest cat that even dared to pinch our doberman's food on occasion. Today was fucking horrible and I have to tell my 7 year old daughter tomorrow. :(
Not sure if you're male or female, but either way there is a solution. Wear trousers that are the same colour as the tan. This will camouflage all tan stains and also, people will think you're naked from the waist down, at first glance. Always a conversation starter. especially if you're hot!
Balloon
You only need to add half a tea spoon in, It doesn't stick to their skin, the bubbles do though!
My personal view is that once the life form can feel physical pain, then abortion should be seen very in a negative light. There are of course certain circumstances where that rule does not apply. Such as rape or irregularities, i.e severe downs etc then the decision should be made by both the Mother and if he's around, the Father.   So many women use abortion as birth control and it sickens me. Women going for a third abortion due to 'accidental' pregnancy should be sterilised as they obviously don't have enough common sense to use contraception.   I don't think they are saying that newborns should be killed. They are purely trying to make a point regarding their views on abortion. Everyone has their own views on the subject, it all depends on your personal view of at which point during pregnancy is it a baby.  I know a lot Mums consider 6 weeks, as that is when the heart beat can be detected.
an headache?
Congrats on successfully helping your girlfriend. She's a lucky girl to have a guy stick by her through it. Most guys will freak out at any girl that may have even the slightest bit of 'baggage'.
Has anyone had any bad experiences with the the website 'Wickedwives.co.uk'?   I recently found that photos from my Facebook and also some of my information has been used to make a fake profile on this site. This site is for people looking for sex, to meet online  I am also currently in the middle of a custody battle over my little girl. My ex found the profile on wicked wives and is using it against me in court. I obviously need to sort this out quickly.   He has contacted social services and is accusing me of accessing this site whilst my daughter is there and also of having sex with strangers whilst she's in my care. Both accusations are completely false. Unfortunately though, social services has told him to deny me access to my daughter until they have investigated it.   I've spoken to the police tonight and they are looking it to it. They say   however, that they don't think they can do much about it.   I can't even get rid of it because there seems to be nowhere on the site, to recover forgotten passwords and no one has replied to my emails either.   My friend set up a fake profile so he could send a message on the site to who ever is pretending to be me. He got a robot message back asking for an introduction and basically trying to get him to reply.    When you sign up you get to send 1 free message to another member. If you want to send more, you have to pay for them.  Does anyone have any idea what I can do about this or has anyone experienced a similar situation?
OUCH!
Thank you. :)
Do it anyway.
There are many comments in this thread from heterosexual males, saying how sometimes they just aren't in the mood sometimes. I have a high sex drive and have found that in most of my relationships that the guy has a lower sex drive than I.  Only once have I met a man who had a higher sex driver than me.  p.s I do actually have gay friends. But some of them have high sex drives too, or so they say . .
Sometimes the baby poops if they are panicking whilst being born due to complications. My daughter did that. Yes she came out arse first.
Why????
Technically, that is still pleasure as you enjoy doing it.
I'm not using my child as a weapon, if I was, I would have it reversed as revenge. I'm after custody of my daughter. He leads a very unstable way of life for her and she is not happy. Her biggest wish is to live with her Mum. He often denies her access to me when it suits him and goes behind my back with smaller things like ear piercing. I've been put through hell for the last 5.5 years and so has my little girl.  It's amusing to me that the more pleasant I am to him, the more control he feels he has because he sees me as weak.
You lived in cheese? Are you Swiss?
That's what I'm trying to work out, whether or not it's a big enough thing for the courts to look at.
Go the fuck to sleep forever!
Ewwww!
I'm female actually.
Hahaha, that made me laugh so much! up voted.
What they don't realise is the whiter the skin, the more healthier is is. Of course you still need vitamin D but it only takes a little sunlight for your body to be able to create it. Tanning and being sun burnt causes both short and long term damage. Parent's who do not persuade their naive, teenage daughters to protect their skin, should be made to go on a day course with their daughter to learn about the effects tanning salons and sunshine can have.
agreed.
I'm female actually and that happened to an aquaintence of mine. It completely confused her- if she wasn't having to deal with enough. She's okay though. She did keep the baby even after everyone telling her not to. She's now a single mum and happy. Her little girl is lovely and brought up well. Atleast she made good of a bad situation. Most women I doubt could handle this. That girl is exceptionally strong willed.
Murder?
gross
When I worked in a busy club a 70 odd year old guy came up to me. He looked like an english gentleman. He said 'I would love you take you home and make sex to you'  I was freaked!  He tipped me £30 though!
I'm English and would NEVER move to America. For a start I'm an Atheist so I'd be disscriminated against. There's crap about the Bible EVERYWHERE.  Sarah Palin-She was nearly Vice President for christ sakes!!!! Fox news-the most corrupt thing I have ever seen. And what's with electic Bush TWICE??? Better the devil you know huh? Oh and over half the population are obese. I don't like guns either.
It's those tiny poo particles that make your farts smell. So next time someone farts near you-remember, that you're breathing in their poo! haha!
That's awesome!
Meh .. . I just just tell my fella he owes me one later and wink at him! Then later on . . .maybe the morning I'll move in for the kill! Mwahahaha!