Thank you! And I plan on it haha. There is most definitely a time and a place for that type of thing,and plus there are some things that are best saved for when you're of age.
I think you guys should remember I was being carried through the crowd up by a sea of pumped up drunk people at a Slipknot concert. Every girl who crowdsurfs knows there is a chance of getting groped, that risk comes with the experience. Not to mention the bikini string could have very well been pulled accidentally. My perspective on this was a fun, memorable concert experience that left me with a better understanding of myself.   **edit: my mosh pit comparison implied the opposite of my point, I'm sorry. I do not think that you are asking to get groped if you're a girl and you crowdsurf. **
I know it was wrong, if it had happened to a friend I wouldn't be okay with it. I'm just saying that I'm not up in arms over it.
Nude surfing in front of slipknot would've been a much nicer way to go about it, haha.
Nude beaches sound awesome, I've always hated having to wear a bathing suit.
Another cool thing: I can now say Slipknot's seen my tits!
I didn't want to put it back on
I feel like it can be difficult to always be there for someone in that state, as hard as it is to actually be in that state. It's hard to just get out of the hole you're in. You can't just leap out, you have to take small steps, climb slowly, make progress. It's fine if you slip a little bit, it's fine if you need to stop and take a rest. It's fine if you need someone to help you. The most important thing is the fact you want to get out. You know, this is your journey and you just gotta keep moving
Since you can relate to my post so well, you should look up Atypical Depresssion. Out of all the symptoms I've googled and disorders I've read about, atypical depression is definitely the one I've been able to relate to the most
I ate an ant when I was maybe 6. I'm not sure if it was really an ant, my cousin told me it was a termite. What do know for sure, is that random ass insect tasted like maple syrup. It was so distinct... I remember being amazed. I've thought about trying it again, but I don't think I have the drive to try various ant-like insects in pursuit of the elusive maple syrup bug.
Distractions do help somewhat, it sucks when you literally don't even have the energy for distractions though. u/rossa8 had some good advice, using music to kinda help direct your mood, starting out with angsty and sad music then transitioning to happy up beat music. Although I would say your cycles sound like rapid cycling which is associated with bipolar disorder, have you looked into that?
It's troubling how far they went in an attempt to provoke her.
Thank you!
Florida sunset [OC] [1334x760]
Non Manual Markers. For example, your facial expression.
I misread the title as "soup" and was so confused upon reading this comment
Eats the rice...
Empty febreeze bottle. I would use the trigger to gauge ones eyes out, and then once I'm finished stick the end of the spray nozzle into their brain through the mauled eye socket. I would then begin squeezing until brain fluid and matter begins spraying out of the nozzle. I'm not sure how efficient this murder would be but I'm positive it would be extremely painful.
The importance of parameters...
Omg I stayed up all night playing video games, lol my insomnias really bad
Republicunts sounds like a kickass band name.
You are not alone.
Oh my god, I'm not alone! I usually notice it and just squeeze it out.
This is so true! I grew up on military bases, and some military wives have to be the most horrible people I've ever met. My mom has had "friends" go to the Sergeant Major of my father's unit saying that she burned us with cigarettes, locked their children in closets (she baby-sat these women's kids a lot), and some other made up shit. Why? Because one of these women was cheating on her husband and my mom told her that she didn't think that what she was doing was right, and said she did not want to associate with her anymore. Luckily the Sergeant Major realized they were full of shit and just wrote it off. Military wives can be vicious.
For humorous purposes.
Wow, I am too jealous of your hair! It looks amazing :) I have the same type of hair you do, so I'll definitely have to check this out if it makes your curls look this great!
Maybe he means pedestrian as in somebody who doesn't stand out?
Something like this triggered my fear of deep/dark water. I was 11 on a vacation with family in Florida, we rented a boat to go snorkeling. I swam maybe 50 feet from the boat, when I felt something stinging. I looked down and there was jellyfish all around me. I completely freaked out, and almost drowned. Still have nightmares about it.
No white after Labor Day.
My favorite picture of Valerie
Is there something wrong with my 5 month old kitten, or is she just the runt of the litter? (pictures included)      I've decided to come to you guys for help figuring out what’s up with my kitten. Money is too tight to take an otherwise healthy cat to the vet, but I would very much like the opinion of a professional.  She is five months old and just barely half the size of her siblings, and she has been very slow developing.  Can you wonderful pet doctors here at r/veterinarian help me out?        Here's some background information: My 1  1/2 year old cat has had two litters of kittens. Her first litter was underdeveloped, half were stillborn, and some had no fur. They just didn't look like normal kittens. Unfortunately none of them survived.  Her second litter was much better, two didn't make it, but we ended up with 5 healthy kittens, three girls who we named Freckle, Princess, and Valerie, and two boys named Jake and Pluto. Valerie was MUCH smaller than the others, and also looked much different in the face regarding her facial structure. She had no problems latching and nursing, in fact she nursed the most out of all of the kittens. As the other kittens started to explore, she preferred to nap, or just sit there and watch.        The other kittens grew fast, and started eating their moms' dry food at around three and a half months, with the mother cat nursing less frequently. Valerie couldn’t chew the dry food, her teeth were too small it seemed, but she could chew wet food. For some reason the food seemed to make her bloated and constipated, so we stopped giving it to her and just fed her kitten milk replacer that she would lap up from a little bowl. She stayed the same size, only gaining a bit of weight and filling out a little bit. After researching, I began to cook for her. I fed her eggs from our chickens and ducks, fish, and occasionally chicken or pork. I would feed her three times a day. After the dietary change, we noticed her growing! She also got more active, chasing her siblings around and even spending some time outside with them.  (We live in a rural area, so our other cats spend a lot of time outside).          At five months, Valerie is just barely half the size of her litter mates. Her teeth are still small, and she can’t chew hard food.  She has hard time breathing sometimes, and she slightly wheezes most of the time.  I have also noticed she seems to have bad eyesight. She has kept the high pitched kitten-like mew, also.  Other than that, she acts just like a normal cat. She loves being held, and will follow me around and meow at me until I pick her up. She is very friendly, and a big cuddle-bug, and enjoys scaling couches and curtains, jumping, and wrestling with her siblings. She doesn’t like being outside, so she is a full indoor cat. I have spent hours searching what could be wrong with her but the closest thing I could find is pituitary dwarfism, or hypothyroidism.   [here is some pictures of her](http://imgur.com/a/zn432/)  *edit : formatting*
I thought the same thing!