The only reason we don't have cures for diseases like Parkinsons, cancer and Multiple Sclerosis is because  pharmaceutical corporations will lose trillions so they block the research. Like what happened to Royal Rife in the 1930s, his lab was burnt down, his work ridiculed and someone attempted murder on his life, because his camcer cure - dichloracetate -is so cheap to produce it would ruin pharma corps. 'Why cure a disease once off, when you can treat it for 80 years and charge a small fortune every single year'
seen 12:43 PM
Next week I'll be starting my first job in a hosptial as part of my Nursing Degree. Also today I put up posters advertising that I can play guitar and want to join a band. I've a football match tonight too
On the march
wow
I really enjoyed this post, That's a great, unique and engaging hobby OP
Wow really? I guess I need to be more careful. Thanks for the reply
/r/ImGoingToHellForThis
I love that feeling when youre doing it in front of a woman. You fell so macho but its just a harmless little arachno-buddy
I wish I get these here in Ireland
Yes In fact according to the inventory icon you actually only get the Pinna (outer, visible part of the ear). We can actually hear at 75% without our Pinnas using only our inner ear, as our pinna really acts as only a funnel for sound to come into your middle and inner ear, Where the main hearing process goes on.  [Source: 6 years studying Biology and Science at a high level]
Beautiful
Just judging by the chunky size amd thin palps I'd say its female, Hard to tell
I'm so sad.   I finished my last year of school and now all of my long time friends (8 of them) have told me to my face they don't want anything to do with me this summer and cut all ties.   Unfortunately, I suffer from MDD and decided to cancel upcoming appointments with my Youth Therapist, scheduled during summer, because now that school is finished and exams are done, I presumed I would feel an awful lot less stressed.  My girlfiend of eight months turned out to be a cheating sleeze, and after I gave her her *third* chance, I decided even though I'm not much of a human, I deserve more. I'm not too fussed because I know things at this age (18) are only for fun and shit, and I really *really* enjoyed hanging out with her.  I'm so, *so* alone. My dad and I don't get along. At all. My upped Prozac dose no longer pulls me out of this isolated sess-pit with a history of botched suicide attempts and self-harm scars. I'm only in my first week of a 4 month summer holiday, with no promise of college (Irish university acceptance depends on a point system based on grades which arent released until September)   I have no-one to make plans with, anything to look forward to. To be honest, no-one to live for, not even myself. I feel so alone.    TL;DR I'm depressed and suicidal, with nothing to look forward to
I thought they were going to get rid of TF2 when I read the title of this post. Was pleasantly surprised
and as we all know, Minecraft *always* follows logic
sweet :) She's an ass by the way. damn.
I dont know if i'm allowed to post non-spider pictures here, but I thought of you guys when I seen this!
Between this guy and DoubleDickDude, I'm getting a fair idea of where reddit in 2014 is going to go...
Ok well first of all, by the expensive headset on your neck and the fact youre indoors in the dark, I'm going to be bold and assume you're a hardcore gamer. If this is the case (and I could easily be wrong) I'd recommend getting out of the house a lot.   Go out to malls and observe the other guys there, not in a homosexual way, Look out for their hairstyles and types of clothes theyre wearing. Also might be an idea to look at the attention theyre getting from girls, say do they have a gf with them or is he talking confidently to a female store clerk. If you you fond a certain style or hairstyle that fits,  go for it!    I would recommend getting active! Maybe you already are, but heading for a run once a week, or playing an intense game or sport with friends for an hour is great for you. You will notice your skin will start to look better and also your body!    From the picture you look like a real nice guy and a great, warm friend. But I'd take into account the steps ive given you and try up your rating even by 1 :)    Also, this entire paragraph is from a guys view, so call this 'bro to bro' advice.    Hope all goes well! :)
8.5
Dratini irl
Maybe it's because I'm not a gun-crazed American, but I don't get how this is on the front page
Found this in my garden tonight, a spider feasting on the eye of a dead bird. At first I thought 'gross' but then, being the arachnophile I am, thought isn't it amazing how spiders can adapt? Foragers and gatherers, what an amazing creature. *Also bonus in-shot slug*
Could be a recluse, That shit is dangerous
Welp, I know what I'm building next...
You sir, are a genius! That's exactly where he took it. down by the Blackwater diving thing. He won a few awards for it, my favourite of his
Oh, thank you :)
that's a brilliant strategy :) I will try that myself :)
Dig or dash?   Night is on its way, but do you dig down and sleep off the night in a dingy 3x3 dirt hole, or do you dash to a village and sleep safe inside the warm walls of a house?
Fuck
TO THE KRANKENWAGEN!