Swim. Dance.
The 12 Worst Habits for Your Mental Health
Unlikely. The rate of "ascension" was similar to the rate of "descent" of the setting moon. Plus seemed to be moving from E to W across the skies parallel to the celestial equator. I used my Google Skymap for confirming this. Disappeared soon after the sun rose. No noise. No jet trails.
Sorry for cutting in - if you get the time please check my responses below.  I'm in Mumbai, India. I have a similar problem getting my psychotropic meds for depression/anxiety. I have to go get them every month and it's quite traumatic because of the sheer anxiety of the pharmacists judging me. If I understand correctly, in the US, pharmacies get prescriptions directly from shrinks (at least that's what my friend in NYC told me), and you just have to walk up there and get your meds. Here, I have to get a physical prescription, go on the same date, and then stand for about 20 minutes to eventually get my meds. Plus, sometimes, they say "not in stock," which means I'll have to call them and/or visit them multiple times. I wish things were easier/better.
Ellen DeGeneres
Sounds very cool. Will check it out. Thanks.
Infinite.   Color is a way we interpret and differential the frequencies/wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation. As far as we know, the range of electromagnetic radiation is nearly infinite (from the smallest possible wavelength = Planck's constant to as large as the universe is).  Remember that the colors that we (the human eye) can see are limited to the types of cones that we have (three types). Many animals have more cone types, with cephalopods having the maximum as far as I know. But that's still limited. The "ideal" eye should be able to detect infinite number of colors.  Some basic reading: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Color_vision#In_other_animal_species
Do you mean "your"?
Yes, they were.
Alice In Chains, Battlestar Galactica, Twitter.
Yup. I was on my uncle's lap. He pulled his hands in my shorts and fondled my genitals in front of my Mom and Dad. Everything was so casual. No wonder I'm under therapy for PTSD/depression.
I meant the blisters caused by wearing ill-fitting shoes.
Must confess. I do both.
Wow!
Maybe 70%.
Not sure about Enzo  Cass.
I think it's not just the timing of the move - they need to be given good roles/storylines.
NXT talent   I've been really impressed with Sami Zayn and Tyler Breeze (more than Adrian Neville). Plus, I love the Vaudevillians gimmick. All of them, plus The Ascension, should be on the main roster, right? Plus, I watched Jason Jordan in this week's NXT episode and even be looked good enough to get into the main roster. What do you all think?
Germany return home as heroes, fans pack the streets of Berlin - photos | ProSoccerTalk
#Love: Virtually No Sex - Techcrunch
ELI5: Hypothetical travel to a nearby galaxy   I've been reading up about the speed of light and time dilation etc. So if suppose we build a spaceship to travel very close to the speed of light and go to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light years away) and return back, would Earth be older by 5 million years when the spaceship returns?
There are people like that. :/
Yes, it does make sense. I have had feedback, especially from my boyfriend about the same. But to get one level up above the subconscious and to have a voice tell "You are wrong, I'm not a bad person. Stop criticizing me so much!" is a little too much for me at the moment.
Maybe these techniques work differently for different people/personalities. I haven't ever felt that conflict is healthy. Competition is. I understand what you are saying, but I don't think it will work for me.
A Rogue State Along Two Rivers
Oh, thanks. I'll repost it in the right subreddit.
Can't most, if not all, fantasy/sci-fi scenarios be explained in the Stargate universe?   I recently discovered the Stargate franchise. Being a sci-fi fan, I couldn't believe that I had missed it all this while. I watched the first movie after getting hooked to Stargate Universe's pilot. Since then, I have been watching Stargate SG1. I think that with the basic premise of Stargates, terraforming technology creating many earth-like planets, and the presence of superior races, almost every possible fantasy/scenario can be taken care of.   For example, the Alien Universe (The Engineers = Ancients in Stargate), Game of Thrones/The Hobbit/Lord of the Rings (terraformed planets with transplanted earthlings coexisting with apparently alien species), the Marvel/DC universes (Thor franchise is directly mentioned), etc.   What do you all think?
If you can believe that people on the other side of the world on the internet want to listen to you, it's likely that there are people in your immediate vicinity who will be. Just remember this - you are not an idiot/moron/bad person. Your brain and the chemical inside are making you feel this. Have you tried seeking professional help? If not, I would encourage you to do it.   I will share with you an anecdote. A few years back, I was reeling under the first wave of full-fledged clinical depression. I was stubborn/obstinate and decided that there was no point in living anymore. I was then in a long-distance relationship. My then boyfriend listened to me and asked me to give myself 6 months. After 6 months, if I felt the same, he said he would let me do it. During the 6 months, however, my boyfriend got through to my friends and was able to start me on medication. That helped. I was able to cope better.  Maybe you can also do that. Here's a hug. Wish it were a real one.
Dog cheating while doing exercise - cute
Tigers. They are the most beautiful animal/thing on our planet.
The deterrent for deleting the account is that I have some friends who I keep in touch with. Of course, I can get their e-mails and communicate with them there. But seeing updates/photos/events has been important once in my life. I'm thinking that maybe I'll come out of it. Plus, I'm a musician. We NEED social networking to remain relevant. To be honest, my depression has hampered my career, with part of it being my inability to cope with the demands of social networking. :/
That being gay is a choice.