Thanks a bunch dude
I play videogames for hours, it calms me down and soothes my mind.  Used to drink but that just made it worse, whatever you do don't turn to alcohol, the first times you feel good but eventually it drags you to a deeper hole.  I'm not the right person to say it at the moment since I'm going through a very rough spot in life, but try and hang in there. Cry if you must, write your feelings out and burn the paper, please, just try and hang in there
The benefits of working outdoors dude
Groovy
Who is that behind Arya?
That's pretty good
Ah yes, oldie but good.  I remember reading this when I used to browse /x/ a couple of years ago.  A long read but worth it, just like the dionea house
I wish my pnus was a salad
The blobs baby
Does he ever know something?
No, I mean, he said that Jon Snow is not coming back at all.  Let me look for the link because, like I said, I heard it as a rumor
Ditto
Robocalls? Like Robocop calling you or something?
Aren't elephant figures lucky or something? My aunt had a couple but forgot what they meant
Wat
Yeah, like I said, I got mixed up because the two movies happen in the same building
Ah yes, frontiers
Awww
I didn't like it at all! It wasnt a good remake IMHO and it was dumb, quarantin 2 was even worse.  Then again everyone is entitled to like different things
Arent you supposed to be studying Sam?
I kind of remember this happening in the first movie in the after credits, I would go more in dept but I don't want to spoil the movie
Nope
Is there a fourth dimension?
Actually a friend of mine put some in his car and boy is it dirty (his is black though and I live in a dusty little town)  I'm not sayin the vinyl looks bad but the design is... Well... I wouldn't drive that personally
Why does coal need testing?
Oh hell yes, hold my beer  *Jumps in*  The foam! It does nothing!
Robodog  Quite cute and inspiring
Was thinking the exact same thing
It sure is summer
Lemme see that booty
Actually, scratch that last comment, she drank potion and didn't die, so there must be some kind of power in her.  Unless, of course, she was expecting to be poisoned and drank some antivenom from her many, many tiny jars with love dust and whatnot...  Hmmm
True that, true that