Hey, bud. I had a similar experience where I was someone (an ex that things should not have ended but they did) I had zero contact with for a year after things ended. I was in a relationship, but the interaction alone made me question everything in my life, left me unable to stop crying for days, and gave me my first real suicidal thoughts. It's been a few weeks though, and I came out on the other side. I don't really have any advice (other than to keep talking it out) but I just wanted to let you know to keep breathing and you'll make it out too, eventually. Your mind will focus on some other worry and it'll pass. Here if you need anything
Ah gotcha. What I do sometimes when I'm really bad is make myself a self care checklist. So everyday I have to brush my teeth, get dressed, eat a healthy breakfast lunch dinner, do 30 minutes of any kind of body movement a day, and check to make sure my environment is cleanish. That way no matter how bad my day is, I still accomplished those (positive) things.
Hey, I'm proud of you. You need this. Sending good vibes.
I would love this too
Holy shit
In the county jail i worked at in PA, you would write a request slip to the counselor/case manager in charge of workers. at that facility, you could do inside work even if you werent sentenced, but needed to be sentenced for outside work. Be nice to the counselor! dont write 2000 requests, be patient. if they didnt get back to you in a week, write another. good for you for wanting to work, itll definitely make your time go faster.
PRIME
It's really hard to tell with this picture. With your hair styled and wearing nice clothes I can picture you to be attractive. None of your features make you ugly
This show is the reason I have faith in the world oh my fucking god
Bless.
seeing you guys @ the archway might be my favorite past time...just sayin'
Postseason- Ducks Fly Together
Abso fucking lutely me. No advice here, just know you're not alone in this. It drives me nuts I can't even enjoy when I feel good because I'm waiting for it to not last
Bush did 9/11
Pregnancy scares
Stop subtweeting me
thanks, makes sense!
Mazel tov
You betcha
not me. but my best friend literally called yesterday to say he bought condoms, soap, and paper towels. only those 3 things.
Ace Enders-Motion
Justin, the wedding is on Tuesday..
Wat
im just here to say wow yep agreed
It was insane. There were flying midgets
BRUSHING MY TEETH
London Landscaping, London Total Lawn Care, London Lawn Professionals,
sweet. cya then.
slap activated butt light. sold.
super 7
tampons
"theres no points in heaven for suffering"   it blew my mind at the time