Ok more pls
I can't handle this
And my axe!
Shmells good
Shit.
Or not being able to spell.*that
Immortal jellyfish? ELI5?
Thumb stone?
Yes
All are welcome to my moonwalk/can kind of dance fest.
The ending made me say ' oh shit. ' Well written.
K come over
'Oh mah God is that the prophet?!? oh mah God!!
You lucky bastard.
Two....only two big ones?
Of course not. On this subreddit?
Loved that game.
....ingrown wig.
Those are the bestttttt
TIFU by using a customer at work as a way to keep myself from falling.   (3rd time posting, ever, all of which have been here, on /r/tifu. Still safe to say I'm an idiot.)  I still clench my butt cheeks thinking about this. It happened a few days ago. Friday night, busy, and crowded. I'm bussing that night, covering some girl's shift. Bussers at my restaurant are practically servers, except we don't take orders. ( we do all the fucking dirty work and deal with bullshit and get less money. ) anyway, I'm clearing plates off of a table, I mean, at least 8 or 9 heavy ass dinner plates, proceed to the next table To clear some more, when I start to lose my footing on spilled beer  (I hadn't noticed), and slide my ass into the splits.(I can't do the splits.) About halfway through, I drop all the plates, and violently grab a Patrons shoulder, clinging for dear life before my inner thighs rip open, crying out in pain. I quickly get up, mumble something alone the lines of 'fuckohmygodimsosorryletmegetoutofyourway', run/limp to the walk-in freezer, contemplate suicide, and open the door to find coworkers laughing in my face (not unusual.) I refused to go back into that section after cleaning up. I later had to walk over with my manager and thoroughly apologize while this guy and the rest of his family just stare at me like I just shat on their table.  Still haven't forgiven myself.
This is the kind of situation where you're in complete powerlessness, and it sucks. Some people learn the hard way, and others reach their 'bottom' when they stop digging. Shit happens dude, I'm sure if you had known her plan you wouldn't have enabled her to do so. Hang in there!
I can't figure out what you're trying to say.
I mean, it was kind of funny.. But in that moment I just wanted to light a cigarette and throw it in their direction.
Cara, e hora de saber do World Cup. Não tem jeito.
I think I love you.
Goddamnit I meant *EAR
Goddamnit. *thigh.
Here's something blunt, but a little less harsh. Whether or not you were drunk, there was a moment in time where you may have made it seem like this was ok to attempt. (The kissing).Your best friend understands you better than your spouse...that's something to think about. Your spouse was battling depression? Welcome. Abuse, emotional or physical, is not ok. Be honest, don't get defensive or be surprised when you SO doesn't want you around your bestie. I dunno, it's 3am and I'm not making sense. You've got some thinking to do. What do YOU want?
I used to do this a lot, long story short it got worse before I got sober. It is most likely stress or anxiety related. It's about finding the right outlet, And your arms and face and sometimes other peoples bodies are the outlets right now. You don't feel good when you do if, But you do it anyway. I get it! There are other ways, I'm not going to say go read a book or go for a walk, I mean like write, cry and TALK to someone about whatever is hurting you and causing you to hurt yourself! Don't be discouraged, we all Have our shit.
That's interesting, thank you!
Swollen lymph node?
Perfect.