"'Have I gone mad?' 'I'm afraid so. You're entirely bonkers. But I'll tell you a secret. All the best people are.'" - Alice in Wonderland   I don't know why, but this quote has stuck with me throughout my childhood. I guess it just makes me feel better about being my normal, weird, kinda crazy, self.
13 y/o Ms. Kitty and her favorite Okamiden plush animal
I have stopped cutting for a while, but the scars are very visible and go all the way up my forearms, so i really have no reasonable excuse for them. I normally wear long sleeves but its been getting pretty warm lately, so ive been using henna tattoo pens to draw on my arms in the hopes that it will distract people from the scars. its worked for me for a while. if its recent cuts, one of my friends suggested saying that its make-up and you were practicing doing special effects make-up art.
thank you. I didn't know that existed until now.
not sure but at this point I'm too afraid to ask.
probably required a helluva lot of beer for the guy
Diana is a very conflicting name for me. on one hand I have my best friend. on the other I have my 390 lb aunt who has 6 children from 5 different one night stands.
Soundgarden in 2011. it's been a while but my next concert is going to be Foo Fighters in September.
that one squeaky spot in the floor
ballet. It wasnt really the dancing that bothered me so much as being forced to wear a skirt. Even now I refuse to wear a skirt/dress unless its a special occasion, such as Halloween or funerals.
TIL An English engineer named Edward Naime invented the eraser in 1770. Up until that time, people usually used rolled-up pieces of white bread to erase pencil marks.
thanks. I think I might try that. it seems like a cool idea.
chemistry
catching a lizard during recess and keeping it in my pencil box because I wanted a new pet
for the record, I do not own the original photo. I would give credit to the owner if I could find out who they are. there are so many versions of this picture out there and there are so many different people claiming that it is their own artwork, that its hard to tell which one is the true original and who the artist really is.
drew a werewolf during class today
5 year old me decided that Deogi was a great name for my German Shephard/rottweiler mix.
My first portrait drawing of Chris Cornell
this is why I need to remember to close the bathroom door all the way
really? because cat fights like these happen at least once a week. as for the martial arts part tho, there arent many of us where I live so most of these fights are just hair pulling and scratching.
I took full contact martial arts for a few years in junior high, so of course there were the tournaments that I had. but aside from that, I have only gotten into one fight and it was during my freshman year of high school. Well, I became friends with the guy who sat next to me in science class (lets call him J) and his girlfriend (lets call her biotch) wasnt too pleased with that. Now, I usually don't tell people about my birthday, but J somehow found out about it and decided to get me a little gift. I really appreciated just the fact that he cared enough to even wish me a happy birthday and gave him a hug. that was i guess the last straw for biotch because the very next day I was greeted with an uppercut to the jaw. after a few more punches and the realization that she wasnt going to just give up soon, I ended it. I left that fight with a busted lip and a huge bruise on my side. she left that fight with a dislocated shoulder and a bloody nose. we both ended up having a detention and sessions with the school counselor. gotta love teenagers, right?   TL;DR: typical teenage "stay away from my man" cat fight only I had taken full contact martial arts for three years prior to this and she was just blindly throwing punches.
Anchorage, AK
have full blown conversations with my cat.
I met her in 4th grade and she attacked me the first time she saw me. I was the first person who actually put up a fight and lasted a little while before we both fell on the floor and laughed. we soon found out that we are equally crazy and random and have almost identical interests. we are practically sisters now and we still have a strong relationship despite the fact that she moved out of state last summer.
my cat seems to have a taste in music. she purrs and acts all sweet when I play foo fighters, soundgarden, and nirvana, but she becomes all aggressive when my sister starts playing taylor swift or katy perry. does this happen to anyone else?
I have a lot of people I need to prove wrong.
oh, okay. and yeah its really interesting to see other people's thoughts on stuff like this because when I've asked people about this, I have gotten responses anywhere from "ghosts are 100% real and you cant tell me otherwise" to "you need to get mental help"
a Disturbed tee and a beanie with bunny ears
spork  thanks school cafeteria.
couldn't have put it any better myself
Disturbed - Asylum  Breaking Benjamin - Phobia  Disturbed - Indestructable  Slipknot - The grey chapter  The Amity Affliction - Let the ocean take me
I'd love to know what goes through my cats mind whenever she hops into an empty box. she makes it seem like it's a portal to another world.