we got a badass over here!
"Forgetful tourist?"
truman state?
Banker never leaves his hometown.
And the jewelry?
Until he posts the interview, I can't provide verification. I can't post emails and stuff obviously, but this is real.
When I see someones heart melt, mine does too and I ain't afraid of no monster-voice.
Oh jeez this is depressing.  There's a lot of money to be had in China. All you got to do is have a degree (which you do), speak English (which you do), and be relatively attractive.  Plus, if you like it enough, you can just stay here and never pay your loans ever!
I hate you.
Gifs are gifts that keep on giffing
No. Got lucky on the first try.
50 mg
Joe Dirt?
Thanks. Fixed.
I just watched "The Girl". It's about how Hitch tortures Tippy Hederen on set because she won't have sex with him. Then proceeds to threaten to blackmail her because she won't have sex with him.
Living in China. It's pretty much the classic 'Bway experience except they put ketchup. on EVERYTHING!
sounds like a pipe dream.
Also, there is [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/1b81ko/alt_j_video_for_breezeblocks_played_forwards/)
Living amongst them. The three things I noticed within the first twenty minutes after leaving the airport were 1) Traffic laws were a suggestion 2) Spitting and burping is appropriate behavior 3) Smoking is cool anywhere. Hotel lobbies, elevators, THE LOCKER ROOM AT MY GYM. After about 10 months here, I have accepted that they are relatively inconsiderate of others, they are loud, they pathologically break rules and laws, and I don't know how many times I've past a mom suspending her kid above the sidewalk to let the little guy do his business. Also, I live in Beijing, and I'm sure, no I know, it's gets worse the more rural you get.  That being said, they have many other redeeming qualities. If you think you about what they've gone through in the last 70 years, it makes sense that their social etiquette hasn't caught up with their economic stature.
Can't forget Fred Phelps
lol
As the world becomes increasingly globalized, which bands/singers will become super famous?   Not just bands alive today, but dead bands.
Yesterday I swear to god I said "I can't. I'm having sex Tuesday," in the halls of the school I work at during a passing period.
Can anybody identify the chord progression?
Affirmative
Beach Boys - Pet Sounds
Cursive
I teach at a high school in China "Why do foreigners do it so much?"
America is officially more progressive than France.
Days - Downhill [folk, pop]
CHIEFS AND CHOPPER CHIEFS AND CHOPPER
I'm going to start by saying you are a perceptive 15 year old. When I was 15, all I cared about was Dragon Ball Z.   She's definitely into you, but you shouldn't ask her to this dance. Let your friend do his thing.