My small tribute to Supernatural
and hail Hot Pants
You're amazing! Thank you so much for all your help :)!!
I need a hug.
Google Earth Pro is now free!!
Its actually in Canada.
[found a link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQqZstMY7xc)
such plane, very flights, WoW force!
I assume its the date the store opened.
Now that pennies are 'banned' in Canada, I'm craving to make a giant world map with all the extra ones I have.
Mcdonald and Broadway in Vancouver
Small pieces of egg shells worked really great for me!
lol.
Faith in humanity - partially restored
Thank you.  I've read that vaccines could be administered through the tail as well; its just as effective and is easier to amputate in case something develops.  I'm bringing the cat back to the vet tomorrow because the swelling and the pain haven't disappeared.
Make them all fight over it
Happy Summer Solstice!
Probably, theoretically yes. But even in this sci-fi world, if it behaved anything like our planet, the equator will still receive a lot of solar radiation creating a low pressure zone with lots of precipitation because the hydrologic cycle would still exist, so whatever rain forests would be left, would probably be concentrated near the equator.
Oh, interesting. I didn't know that. Thanks!
A turn table that plays tree rings.
MRW my boyfriend tells me he now hates all feminists (because of one dramatic co-worker) and my major in geology will be useless because soon "the entire planet will be totally under our control"....
323
Dat contour
Before Germany kicked out Walmart
here he is in the foreground  http://imgur.com/66ehlEx  http://imgur.com/qLeoYSR
You could also talk about your experience dealing with a difficult school subject, describing your problem area(s) and how you overcame it through receiving extra help from a tutor, or going out of your way to make sure you'd ace the material and you've learned how to stay motivated, not to give up, etc. Hope that helps.   Good luck!
Tim Hortons on West 10th and Trimble
What are some websites that are similar to Pirate Bay?
Please Help Me, Reddit. Work Integration Problem   I've must've wasted more than 15 pieces of paper trying to wrap my mind around this.  A tank is half full of oil , which has density 920kg/m3. Find the work (in joules) required to pump the oil out of the outlet. Assume g=9.8m/s^2.  The tank is a right circular cylinder and is lying on its side. The radius is 1.5m and the pump extends 1m. The length is 6m.
Mints from a prescription pill bottle.
And even if you decide to lose just one more pound, be sure to post more pics. Your handsomeness is always welcome :)
AlgoRythmiK - Our Lazy Day