I have decided just to get him a trim on his legs and tail and groomed up nothing too extensive [before](http://i.imgur.com/jX1QUmJ.jpg) after soon to come.
My pal dexter and I. ( story in comments)
Reddit thought cat were bad!
Dean Winchester: [pulls out his gun] Oh, that's it, you son of a bitch!
Great work, I love it
Java finch
WIP Dylan O'brien
The cage   I was just getting done with my shift at around 6:30pm at the summer boys camp. The forecast called for rain and by looking at the sky that forecast would soon come true, so I made my way to my old rusty ford pinto as I put the key in the ignition it took 5 or 6 tries to get it to turn over. I was just 40 min outside of the city when the rain hit like wall, my car started to slowly decelerate as I notice my check engine light was on "you gotta be f@$ ing kidding me!". I looked to see if there are any incoming cars to help but in the distance I saw an old rundown house but it wasn't abandoned there was a light on inside, so I quickly grabbed my umbrella wedged in the bottom of my seat and make my way to the front door.         I knock 3 times, the door slowly opens with an eerie squeak you only hear in the movies to reveal an elderly man who could well be in his late hundreds a beard down to his stomach whiter then mountain snow and bald scalp.   "May I help you" he asked          "Yes my car broke down just down the road, would I be able to make a call?"     The old mans face was blank    "Sorry son,no phone here"        "Well may I stay until the rain stops?"   "Sure you can !"the old man seemed delighted as if I was the first person he's seen in 10 years.    He gave me a tour of his house but oddly enough kind of like the tardis it was crappy on the outside but beautiful on the inside. I noticed a door he seemed to miss as we walked by I asked "what is in here"   The old man turned around with lightning speed as if he was 20 again    "Do not touch what's in there!" He slammed the door that was not even an inch open and pulled a key from the wall and locked the door.   "I'm sorry" Well finally sat down in the dinning room and the man grabbed me a soda. As we were talking waiting for the rain to stop the old man slowly began to drift off as I was telling him about my job. After he was asleep I got very curious I wan to know what's in that room, so I slowly get up and make my way to the locked door I grab the key off the wall I slowly start to unlock the door but as I open the door I hear in the back of my mind "don't touch what's in there".     I open the door to find a stairwell leading to a basement I start making my way down the old creaky stairs surprised they can hold my weight. I look over to see in the corner of the room a 20x15ft steel cage but that's not what shocked me what shocked me was the 750lbs silver back gorilla sitting favoring the wall 4 ft in front of the cage door I slowly approach the cage and again in my mind I hear "don't touch what's down there" but all I can think about is why is this animal here. I try to make the gorilla move so I say "hey!" But no response it was as if it was a realistic statue I went to the side of the cage to get a view of its face and it just had a blank stare not even a blink.i noticed another key on the wall by the cage so I took the key I slowly opened the cage door and reached ever so slightly towards the gorilla my pointer finger just barely grazed it's fur when the gorilla erupted with a loud yell I feel back and ran up the stairs and bolted out of the house.   Surprisingly through all the noise the old man was fast asleep. I looked back to see the gorilla burst through the front door, he was locked on me like a heat seeking missile I made it to my car and prayed it would start but the key would not turn over. The gorilla ripped the passenger side door off as if if were opening a can of tuna, I quickly got into the fetal position as I was cry praying and begging not to be ripped apart the gorilla slowly reached in with its massive hands and poked me on the shoulder and said "you're it !" In a raspy voice.
Critique on my Miley Cyrus drawing
No I understood it was helpful but when your team is fighting each other feeding and communication is shit it is hard to carry.
To clarify I think dean would hate this shit I was just jokeing with the title any ways deans more classic rock (actual good music that's far better than any crap today) type of guy.
This songs a bit over used but when ever I hear it I think supernatural maybe it's because the original is in season 6  http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=l2S4GTD-AAw
Once I saw the clawed guy I was like deans going to mention Freddy Kruger
Well behavior like that would be from not being trained well my golden less than a year listens very well due to well training but he can get into trouble like any puppy would but all around a very good breed of dog!
This scene tears my heart out. [Spoilers for 4X21]
[i never know what she's doing back there] (http://i.imgur.com/7j4dXX3.png)
This brought a smile to my face that's been missing for a while. Thank you :)
That's pretty cool !!
Thanks and I'll try the eyes thing,cause I'm redoing it on better paper ment for drawing.
My drawing of Tyler Hoechlin
You never know.
Thanks!
Any pointers?
My brother and I When mom says Mac'n Cheese is for dinner (x-post /r/reactiongifs)
Just letting it all out I honestly don't care if no one listens.   Somedays are good some are not...I feel like a complete failure to my family I can't even do school right I can't even start my day right I feel like anything I do is wrong and I feel alone sure I have people I talk to at school that call me their friend but I still feel alone I have no one close no one to share this with and it eats me up inside, I'm 16 and my life feels like a huge mistake like it was never meant to be I'm only 16 why me why ? I just want to feel happy I just want this to stop I just want to feel normal again I want to have a day where I don't feel like a total screwup, at my school i put on the mask of a kid who cares for others but on the inside I don't care for myself sure I might have a smile all day but it's not real and frankly I'm to good at it.
[You know I didn't post this at all before] (http://redditpics.fpapps.com/?thingid=t3_1n4tri url=http://i.imgur.com/DNfr1rf.jpg from Reddit Pics: http://redditpics.fpapps.com)
That's Wisconsin for ya.
Who's playing jumanji
Yeah
http://youtu.be/JrZ2WuPnQ-M
Bath time
That's right