ELI5: Can anyone explain if the flat straw hats are symbols of the U.S. Democratic Party?   Weird question I know. I do not see them as much anymore, but in old photos I always see Democrats wearing flat round straw hats (kind of like Barbershop Quartet straw hats) to conventions and stiff, usually with a patriotic band around the hat.. Can anyone explain whether this is strictly a Democrat thing and where it started?
So in your opinion the only true populism is one in which the party "for the people" remains exclusively revolutionary?
I would join whatever resistance movement springs up. I am a combat veteran (so the thought of combat does not scare me silly) with several capable weapons. I come from a small town in Alabama where everyone has loads of weapons and knows how to use them.    Pretty sure my hometown is the last place you wanna attack.
I agree with calling them out, so does the article, but we have to call them out in a way that doesn't hinder civilian-veteran relationships. Let the civilians understand *why* this is wrong, don't just get belligerent and profane.
On fucking point.
I always think /u/slothfactsbot is funny
I am at Drum too. Just moved to the CAB from 3rd Brigade.
Was reading about Sergeant Major Daniel Daly today...   Apparantly he was one of only 19 men to receive the MOH twice, one of only 2 to receive them in separate conflicts. He was an amateur boxer, Marine, fought in the Boxer Rebellion, Banana Wars, and WW1.    During the Battle of Belleau Wood in WW1, he is purported to have yelled to the men of his company, Come on, you sons of bitches, do you want to live forever? in order to motivate them to charge the Germans. He was offered the chance to commission as an officer twice, declining both times because he would rather be an outstanding sergeant than just another officer."  [This is him rocking both of his MOH's](http://imgur.com/aQiOytq) Seems like one salty-ass motherf*cker.   Edit; changed "win" to "receive"
Just because you can put a bunch of random words together does not mean you are funny. More folks need to figure this out.
I was at Forward Operating Base Shank in Eastern Afghanistan.   I think originally the war in Afghanistan was justified, but politicians put their stupid heads into it. It does not take 13 years to win a war. We should have been done a long time ago, it is not our job to build a nation. Iraq was never justified. Saddam was a bad guy, but ISIS is a helluva lot worse. I don't trust politicians, and I don't think they have our best interests in mind. They don't give a shit how many young kids die overseas as long as they can make it look like they died for something. Since Korea we have been doing the same shit, and young American kids have been paying for the politicians records.    That being said, i fought and lived for my brothers. We were not fighting good or decent people, they deserved every bit of firepower we used against them. I don't regret it, I would do it again. I just wish people cared still. I wish folks cared about the guys who died. I wish people would learn that war is costly and should always be a last resort.
If you would like a high level of discipline, hard work ethic, the ability to totally broaden your horizons and encounter the world in a first person way; this is the job for you.   I am a soldier. Been all over the world, saw a lot of shit, grew up a lot really quick, I am responsible for millions of dollars and the lives of my friends every day. I can retire at 39 and get a pension and healthcare, with plenty of time (and a phenomenal resume) to embark on another career. Oh, and sometimes I get to blow shit up and drive big trucks. And I can say the work fuck in every sentence without getting in trouble with my boss. I fuckin' love my job.   Advice for folks who wanna come into my career field;  1. Don't smoke weed.  2. Don't get in trouble with the law.  3. Don't be a lazy fuck.  That pretty much covers all the bases.
"Remember the days when you actually had to choose your own meals? The hassle of choosing the cuts of meat, the sauces, the vegetables. Now, thanks to the almighty state of Ultron, your hassles are gone! You simply have to walk down to your local meal dispensary, ensuring you arrive between the hours of 0900 and 0925 and recieve your daily ration of whale blubber and three saltine crackers. Choose Ultron for the hassle free life!"
To relax. As a married man I have zero interest in scouting out females. I like juke joints and honkytonks though. Good country music (preferably live) and cold beer helps me soak the stress of the week away.  Places I go everybody knowa everybody. Old guys, young guys, all of us just talk sports, politics and trade tall tales.
Would you describe yourself as "sensitive"?   I am not at all.. I have a leather heart and I don't give two flips about what someone else thinks about me. I am a salty veteran who doesn't fit into the parameters of what modern masculinity movements laud as good and wonderful (sensitivity, political correctness, emotionality etc).    What about y'all?   Edit; I don't mean I don't care, or have emotions, I am saying I don't spend my time caring whether someone likes me or not, or trying to tiptoe around how to say something. I say what I mean and mean what I say, and if someone does not like it they can shove off.
The Dems. support none of my political beliefs. As a Libertarian there is literally no room in the Democratic party for me.  I support the abolishment of the Federal reserve, welfare state, the IRS, ending the drug war, opening the borders, and introducong a flat tax. The dems don't support decentralization.
1. Reading - I read around 5 books a month. I love to learn. I am active in a local book club, and jump at the chance to attend literary themed events in my area. I am a huge library patron.   2. Gardening - I love trying to be more self sufficient, and enjoy working with my hands.   3. Fishing -Nothing more relaxing than a day on the river/lake with a cold sixpack and a few sandwiches.  4. Hunting - Again, I love being self sufficient. I love the thrill of taking down game, I love preparing fresh game.   5. Camping - I like being out in nature, retreating from the modern world. I am not a big technology buff, and like the simplicity of being alone in the woods.  I don't really watch tv or play videogames. I do enjoy interacting with people via the internet, but otherwise I am a pretty unplugged guy. I like nature, working with my hands, and doing things for myself.
1. The onus is not on me to cite something not happening. The onus is on you to give an example of a monopoly occuring naturally in the free market.  2. Businesses coukd not use coercive force because that would be illegal. This is the one thing I believe government is responsible for, protecting against/prosecuting acts of aggression. If a corporation vandalized, threatened, attacked, stole from etc another business they would be arrested for those acts of aggrssion. TmIt has nothing to do with market regulation It has to do with government defending against acts of aggression.
Actually, I do have the same attitude about focusing on Democrats namecalling. As a Libertarian-Republican I agree with Democrats on a good many issues, and don't buy into the two party hostilities. I have no respect or support for establishment politicians at all regardless of their party. I think Giuliani's comments were pointless, but just about everything he says is. I just think it is a waste of time to cover this as actual news, other than a passing reference.
Thank you!
Some questions about Socialism? (X-post from /r/libertarian)   What do you think about their insistence on the reality of class warfare? Is class warfare true? Is it necessary? Is it good? Are there free market solutions to worker exploitation? Where exsctly does Socialist theory go wrong? I realize there are many flavors of socialist thought, but what are some fundamental ways they err? What are your opinions about a socialist society existing within a larger free market? A voluntary association of individuals who buy a large amount of land and establish a society in which means of production are collectively owned, planned economy is established etc..?
I agree with that
Rand Paul is the best option right now IMO.  He is not perfect, but he is certainly not a neocon. I think definitely a step in the right direction, though I wish his father had won more than anything.
I can understand your reasoning. I am not in a union job, but I am in a job that requires me to be in an organization where we actively lay our lives down for the guy to our left and right. I understand being a part of an organization that is equatable to family, the reason for the OP is just me trying to get my head around one thing ( I am honestly not trying to say this like a jerk)  My brothers woukd never ask me to stop working under threat of eviction from the organization, even though our benefits and workplace can be crappy as well. I just cannot understand being forced to participate in that because an organization has a monopoly on that trade.
There is no wiggle room. In relation to your first quote, we consider the standards *goodband necessarily deduced from scripture.*.  Your second quote proves my point. It says that the circumstances regarding the worship and order of God's church *according to the general rules of the Word, which are always to be observed*  Read section XXI. That is where the RPW is explicitly stated thusly  T*he acceptable way of worshipping the true God is instituted by Himself, and so limited by His own revealed will, that He may not be worshipped according to the imaginations and devices of men, or the suggestions of Satan, under any visible representation, or any other way not prescribed in the holy Scripture.*
By all means, ask away.  No, neither. I believe the Trinity is a fundamental doctrine of the faith. By the same token I do not believe modalist thought is orthodox either. These are all heresies condemned explicitly by the ancient church councils.  I (and my denomination) would place Unitarians and Mormons even farther in the unorthodox spectrum than RC's. We believe they are heretics outright. (I am not using that as a slanderous term, just a descriptor to explain that we do not believe these groups to be Christian at all).
1. This American Life -An NPR show hosted by Ira Glass. He explores stories on a variety of subjects. Always interesting, unbiased, and colorful.  2. Invisibilia. The first episode just came out. It is an NPR podcast dealing with invisible things like thoughts, morals, beliefs, and the like. Very interesting.  3. Stuff you should know - basically ELI5 in a podcast format. Dealing with everything from freemasonry to communism to Tesla.  4. Planet Money - NPR podcast exploring stories with an economic backdrop. Way more interesting than your typical business news show though.  5. The Tom Woods Show - Libertarian talk show exploring social and political issues.  6. Otherppl- host Brad Listi chats with various authors, poets, and essayists.  7. Evil Librarians- hosts interview various librarians about their library, their job, literacy, and literacy related issues.  8. The Art of Manliness Podcast- discussing a whole host of mens issues from a traditional perspective.    Those are my go to podcasts. Hope you find something you like.
[This interview](http://youtu.be/qzKzu86Agg0) by ReasonTV with Mike Rowe on the high cost of college.   And [this poem by Jesse Parent](http://youtu.be/KcIwZ1Dth0c) entitled "To The Boys Who May One Day Date My Daughter"
Some denominations continued using wine, and the producers of sacramental wine were able to get exemptions.  Other denominations who were at the head of the prohibitionist movement switched to using grape juice. One of the fellows who started Welch's grape juice company was a vehement advocate for teetotaling, and tried to advocate for grape juice being used at the communion table.   That divide still exists today. Many of the more fundamentalist Christian denominations who advocate teetotalism use grape juice instead of wine at the Table.
Librarians of Reddit, y'all are my heroes.   Not a librarian, but I just wanted to say I have a tremendous amount of respect for y'all. No matter where I have lived (literally all over as a military servicemember) the local library has always welcomed me with open arms. I think data and information management is such a ncessity in a developed society. Folks do not know how important y'all are.   So thank you!
Y'all really disappointed me.   This sub is full of recommendations for *The Name of The Wind*. It's been on my TR list for a long time, but after hearing all the hype I moved it to the top of my list. I was very disappointed. Kvothe was really unbelievable for me. He was just too flawless. The magic system seemed heavily borrowed from Earth sea. I didn't hate it, I'm actually really interested to read the new book about Auri (the underthing was my favorite part) but the book only got three stars from me.
Do you go for more traditional style bers, or do you prefer cutting edge beers?   Me, I like traditional beer styles. Stouts are my favorites, and I also love the traditional ale styles. I rarely ever try cutting edge, innovative, or nontraditional styles (odd combinations/ingredients, hard liquor in beer etc) beers. They just don't interest me. Plus, with all the stouts out there to try, I have enough on my to-drink list! About as nontraditional as I typically go is something like a peanut butter milk stout.  What about you? How often do you venture into the new styles of the beer world?  Edit; sorry about the spelling mistake in the title. I cannot type well on a tablet.
Oscar the engineer? (X-post from r-amateurradio)   I'm currently out of the US, and last night was listening to my Grundig shortwave, I picked up an odd signal for someone who said "this is Oscar the engineer" like three times before the signal got too bad. Odd thing is, I've heard the same transmission before while I was in the states and thought nothing of it. Does anyone know who Osacr the Engineer is?? I know it is a longshot, but I thought I'd ask yall