Am experiencing the same with ear ringing. It's irritating. :(
I won't do it. I've been wondering about it but now I feel a bit better with others saying no and there are options.  Thank you guys.
Thanks!
Do you melt the coconut oil first before putting it on your face to be able to wipe the makeup off?
THEY HAVE IT IN MACY'S? WHERE HAVE I BEEN? O_O
Yes CCW :)
Found the right foundation!! Face of the Day!!
Was applying to a job and came across this on online assessment
Great idea!! Will try this too...
PRODUCTS USED ON FACE:  * NYX Pore Filler * NYX HD Primer Base * NYX HD Foundation - Nude * NYX Highlight and Contour Pro Palette * NYX Baked Blush Bronzer + Illuminator - Solstice * NYX Avant Pop! Shadow Palette - Art Throb * NYX Eyeshadow Prismatic Shadow - Bedroom Eyes * NYX Tame and Frame Brow Pomade - Chocolate * Maybelline Line Express Eyeliner - Ebony Black  * NYX Wicked Lippie - Cold Hearted
Dramatic Goth Look - did this for fun.
This definitely resonated with me. Beautifully written.
Having trouble finding the right color for the foundation   I am having trouble finding the right foundation for my skin. I thought Classic Ivory, Ivory, or Nude would be the right fit for me  (even I had talked to people who worked at Ulta Beauty Shop and they believed it's the right color for me) but because now that it's summer, my skin's a bit tan now and I look a bit ashy with Ivory.  As for the color "Nude" - it depends because I have NYX Stay Matte but Not Flat Liquid Foundation and I think it's the right color for me, it has the yellow undertones to it I think. But when I tried the NYX HD Liquid Foundation with the same name, "Nude" - it's a bit lighter than the matte one and I still look ashy with it.  My skin is normal to oily.  This is the [picture](http://imgur.com/UvcJdxn) I took two weeks ago.  I have no foundation on, no makeup on.  I just hope this help you guys to get a better idea of which would be the better foundation for me...  Please help. It would be tremendous if I could find the right color for my skin.  Let me know if you need more information - I'll reply to your comments. Thanks.
Thanks for the tips!
Thanks, I'll try that.
Sanity   Can depression change your sanity?  I'm just so tired of being depressed. I'm just done. It's driving me crazy. I'm tired of being tired. I'm tired of being numb. I'm tired of watching time goes by, knowing if I don't do something different... then it'll be all I will ever know... I'm just SO tired.
There were moments...   ...when I find myself, thinking about my mum, my SO, and my best friends... I think about their deaths in my head, having dialogues, and creating scenarios like out of the movie scenes, and dramatic stories.  It's different every time I think about it.  It's not like I think about it every now and then.  For some reason, I constantly think about it at certain times when I'm alone and without any human contact.  My mind is evolving strange forms of thoughts and images.  Does anyone do this? Why do I keep thinking about it? Is it fear of being alone? Is it fear of losing them? I ask myself that but am curious to hear from you... what is it that cause me to think about that?
I was supposed to see my doctor for an evaluation, a follow up on how I'm doing on the pill, considering it's my first time being on it (which is why I'm scheduled to see the doctor in June).  I know it's supposed to be every single day but he never really explained how it works when it comes to refill the prescription.  I'm aware that I just don't pop it just to feel better.  I know it doesn't work that way. If I indicate in any way to sound like I was implying that, I apologize.  I do not mean to.  Maybe I was being vague.  I hope I'd clarify this by now...  The doctor said I will notice 4 to 6 weeks that the prescription will take its full effects.  Should I notice it by now??  Maybe you are right, as you say, my crazy energy levels is part of the result and it will take a very long time to "re-adjust" with the medicine.  I'll stick it out with 10mg.  Thanks for your reply.
I love the colors!! Thanks for sharing!
I spend the whole day watching movies on my computer, watch YouTube, and I would play video games as well.  I would try to avoid anything productive and just escape for a very long time.
I can't pick one lol.. I really dig the twenties, the fifties, the seventies/eighties and the nineties.
[Witchcraft...](http://img.pandawhale.com/post-29449-witchcraft-gif-magic-made-by-m-m9k7.gif)  Literally. I thought I'd see a red "mirror" swatch or something.  It's a nice swatch though. I've been reading the comments.  How did you learn about this product? Just curious.
Okay, I will try to use less highlighter and contour. Thank you.
Ulta Super Blender Sponge.
I agree with ckb2. Please get help.
Wow, love the look!!
But I am willing to travel. I like traveling as well.
Yes, I'm in Rochester, NY.
I really wish I did a better research before starting my own channel but then a come a few videos later, I realized I needed to do better.  So here I am, trying to fix and improve my channel.  Great advices, I will keep this in mind.  I'm also brand new to YouTube as well so whoohoo, good luck to us!!
FOTD - CCW.   I am struggling with getting my eyebrows right. This is my first picture posting of me (I used my iPhone)... I hope the lighting isn't too dark.  If it is, please tell me and I may take another clear picture with the DSLR. Many thanks!  http://i.imgur.com/6rvnlhh.jpg  EDIT:  * NYX Pore Filler  * NYX Primer  * NYX Stay Matte Not Flat Liquid - Nude  * e.l.f Tone Correcting Concealer  * NYX Highlight and Contour Pro Palette  * NYX Powder Blush - Dusty Rose  * NYX Born to Glow Liquid Illuminator  * City Glow Daily Defense Bronzer SPF 30  * NYX Avant Pop - Art Throb  * NYX Ultra Pearl Mania (Loose Pearl Eye Shadow) - Pearl  * Maybelline Eyeliner Pencil - Black  * NYX Tame and Frame Brow Pomade - Chocolate  * NYX Butter Lipstick - Gumdrop  * NYX Lush Lashes Mascara - Voluptous  * NYX Make Up Setting Spray - Matte Finish
Sue Gertner, Tattoo Artist in Rochester, NY. Got it at Roc City Tattoo Expo on May 2, 2015.
Curious about Beauty School   This is my first time, posting this in MakeupAddiction... so bear with me... It's after midnight. I may have not made sense in this entry so feel free to comment with your questions and I will try to clarify as best as I can.  I have done my research and is hoping to pursue in attending to a beauty school soon.  I was wondering if there are others who have already attended or is currently attending to a beauty school... because there is a school in Rochester, NY (I am located there). It's called Empire Beauty School and they have the Make Up program.  I am trying to find out how much it would cost to attend to a beauty school.  But not only am I looking into that, I am hoping to see if I could find a school that does have a major in a program that would allow me to graduate with a Bachelor's degree in Make Up (or in Cosmetics). I don't know if there is one but it would be incredible and it would allow me to explore further with the makeup trends.  Do you have any recommendations with beauty schools?? Any ideas or tips?