Calm down there Miley Cyrus.
Suggestions for a Let's Play?   Hey guys! I just recently rebranded my channel and have been really thinking about what I want to do next with it. So, since I decided on FONV, I came here to ask;  What should be the theme of my Let's Play?  Right now, a big inspiration for me is Many A True Nerd who is doing a You Only Live Once Let's Play which I would like to adapt off of. Please let me know what you think I should do!  If you want to see what I've done before, my youtube is now under the same name as my reddit username.
Get a Cowboy Rifle before level 10 if at all possible. Don't worry about looking for unique things until postgame. Good Natured is always a good perk to choose cause you will only specialize in one or maybe two attack stats as opposed to the universal Medicine, Repair, Speech, and Barter.
I'm not too bright on the whole minilore part, but I think he may be referring to the forerunner engine within the Infinity which runs on an energy source besides fusion reactors and whatnot.
r/ODST Game day tomorrow!   Hey guys! train_subject896 here! I posted on /r/ODST about the game day but I figured I should include the whole community as well! Well, tomorrow, Saturday 11/16 I will host an ODST gameday!  What do we do: Well, aside from the obvious playing ODST, we do alot of firefight, achievement hunting, and the occasional legendary run on campaign!:)  Who can join: Anyone with ODST! Even if your on a friends console with them, your welcome to join! We love having tons of ODST's teaming up against the covenant onslaught! :D  How do I join?: Message Troop4921 on XBL or myself, train_subject896, on reddit and I will invite you! Also, you can leave your GT in the comments and we will try fitting you in if we can!  Have fun and as always, see you on the battlefield!:)
Play day!   Hey guys whats up! Since the release of Halo 3 for free the population has boomed! And I decided to play a little bit but now I really have that urge to play ODST so if you want to play, message me Troop4921 on XBL and we can play! I should be on all day so have fun! See you on the battlefield!
Don't feel bad. A LOT of people don't know about this right off the bat and sometimes just dawn upon it with 50-300+ hours in game. I figured out towards the end of FO3 on my xbox then kinda just guessed when I got New Vegas on PC.
The Saints
Im doing a small guns/unarmed run currently and it is just so fun. I am with NCR and I raided Cottonwood Cove to get Recompense for the Fallen which, combined with the copious amounts of Rushing Water I have made available, can kill Yao Guai's, Cazadore's, Nightstalker's, and (baby) Deathclaw's with no problem. I would put more points in your Strength and Endurance and maybe the implant for Luck and Agility. I would suggest PN(Project Nevada) cause it gives you an opportunity to get another implant called Razor Nails that raises Crit. Hit and Base Damage of Unarmed.
One mod: Unlimited Followers.  I don't think the people that would follow you, no matter what game, would really stop following just cause theres one other person. They'd see them and think "Wow, he already has a good following. Maybe his cause truly is just." and BAM! another groupie on the road. *except ED-E and Rex/Dogmeat*
When I'm on Xbox, *phft* It's no problem to sneak up and uppercut the Legendary with Greased Lightning. However, I had 100 sneak by level 20. It's still fun to kill them no matter how you do it though so I guess it's all one sport.
Nevermind. I feel like the toaster in the Sink right about now.... I think it's cause I finally extracted the files. Pain in the ass.
I find that Fallout's DLC endings make me the happiest but with vanilla, by far the Yes Man(even though I absolutely hate his personality) and NCR have my two favorite and most justifiable endings. I am on my PC run and have just got to the point where I really have to choose my side and I was going to choose House but I forgot he makes you eradicate the Brotherhood. LOL nope. NCR it is. Already Idolized by them as is lol
Its funny cause Leg. Bloatfly has the most health but he is down in a few hits. Leg. Deathclaw you just have to avoid his hits. Nightstalker is just one swift sneak attack and he is done. The Cazador is the only big pain.
OH MY GOD IM NOT THE ONLY ONE WITH THIS APP
ODST Wallpaper(x-post /r/Halo)
haha. War never changes.
I can imagine the Truman would dry up or be supremely radiated but the woods around would be ingenious to hide it. I agree on the small town raiding but theres not too many small towns I think you could hit and run. I know a few 1000 pop. towns nearby but still.
Y'know, it's little things like this that I hate for making me feel stupid. I guess I never noticed the zip. In all my damn days, how I didn't notice that I will never know. Thank you! Now I can start running FNV on my laptop again.
Says you don't exist.
I will definitely get a hold of you by the end of the month! This kinda makes me laugh cause we are close to all the exact same achievements.
I am x-posting to /r/ODST if you don't mind.
7,777
6 hour livestream ALL HALO Campaigns
Any size idea? like are we talking 4 GB or like 14 GB
Achievement Earned: Vidmaster Challenge: Endure(x-post from /r/ODST)
Sure. Send me a request GT Troop4921 please.I ll be on later on tonight
I actually put Reach in earlier and just looked at my character. I had just reached Brigadier before switching to 4 and i remember how proud i was to level up to it finally. On here, i hit 40's in a matter of two weekends at a friends house. If they do add in the microtransactions like rumored, i would love to see a few extra ranks and rewards added in. Like three ranks after 130, Heretic, Reclaimer and Precursor and each one takes alot of xp to level, like in the millions. I think itd be cool.
I guess i worded it oddly. Traviss tends to put thinks nobody expects at all and is sometimes taken negatively. Like the arrest of Halsey, while yes, what she did was bad kidnapping and such, think about what had happened if she hadnt initiated spartan 2. She also almost glorified Paragnosky, the wicked witch of ONI. Ive never personally read the Greg Bears but the reception is always good. I will take your opinion into mind when i consider getting the box set. Speaking of which, how is the thursday war if you have read it.
Alright im going to put in my two cents.  Spartan I's and IV's are very alike. That is, they were both soldiers recruited for their exceptional skills and gene scale. At the time of Orion(I's) technology was underdeveloped and so several candidates dropped after recieving procedures. They were not given any power armor but were made to be super soldiers.  The Spartan II's were abducted at 6 and trained vigorously until 13-14 when they recieved procedures such as the carbide ceramic ossification of the bones, ultimately making their bones harder than concrete. Now while almost half of the candidates died or were lift crippled, the Spartans were able to show massive feats of strength and smarts. They could sport any MJOLNIR variation and were often sent on missions too risky for any amount of standard marines.  The Spartan III's, while having a higher success rate and a larger gene pool, were weaker with armor. The procedures were the same for the II's as the III's, only with time, they had improved to a 90% success rate as opposed to a sometimes 48% success. III's would recover quicker from the procedures and would be fitted with SPI armor and most often, sent on suicide missions, resulting in success with high, sometimes complete, casualties. The Spartan III's were weaker, but on par with wits.  The Spartan IV's were all conscripted because of previous conditions of servitude such ad being a special forces member or ODST. IV's had preexisting training and were thus not needed to be trained as rigorously. They would be trained, augmented, and ready for battle in 6 months, the fastest of any generation to date. Their MJOLNIR variant is, as another user pointed out, a Gen 2. That is to say, it is lighter, more durable, and just as flexible than/as previous generations. They do have a nanosuit underneath with hardpoints as displayed by Halo 4 legendary ending which shows IV's in the background getting pieces taken off by machines.  To summarize, Spartan II's are the most elite, trailed closely by IV's, then I's and III's.
Someone i was reading a post by had mentioned css. May have been a typo. Sorry guysCSS? LMFAO
If I could, I would honestly mail you my old copies of First Strike, Ghosts of Onyx, and Contact Harvest. IMO, I love the backstory GoO leads, and Glasslands definitely sums up the aftermath of it all. I would recommend what /u/DildoChrist said about local librarys. If not, just buy them at a local Vintage Stock or comics store.