me irl
My favorite picture of my all-time biggest ladyboner: Alexander Skarsgård
Jon Gosselin is now starting a DJing career; at his first gig, only one person dances
I do like the Kurt Cobain look, but I have to admit, seeing him as old-timey Kit Walker made me swooooon.
Like I said, stylistic choice. It's just my opinion...
This is mind boggling to me. On this note, though, one of my childhood friends had never had a hamburger until she came to my house when she was like 10. I still don't understand how that's even possible.
Plot twist: number 89 isn't his wife.
So many of those stories are just too much. Unnecessary details, weird writing style that kind of makes a reader think it's fictional, etc. I've only seen a few that actually made ma laugh and didn't seem like the author was trying too hard to make up some ridiculous story for karma.  My [favorite one](http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/2qe91t/tifu_by_giving_my_2_year_old_daughter_scented/) I've ever seen on that sub, though, is one that was titled: "TIFU by giving my 2 year old daughter scented chapstick" and the body was just: "She ate an entire stick of strawberry chapstick"  So perfect and simple. I wish more stories in that sub were like that. It would be much better, I think!  Edit: I really fucked up the grammar and spelling on this...
My favorite is the one that links to a picture of just a wall with a bunch of light switches on it. I imagine he probably took the photo on accident, but how did he also tweet it on accident? Or did he do it all on purpose? The world may never know
Love them and accept them for who they are
I worked at a natural foods store also, and we had a salad bar/buffet type of thing. A lot of people would sample the foods without asking before they purchased, which is both unsanitary and also, because the price of our salad bar is by the pound, technically stealing. But our store really encourages giving samples to people, so we had signs up that said, "No Sampling, Please! If you'd like to try something, just ask!" to deter people from sampling every single item and making a free meal out of it. However, we had this old lady once a week or so who came in, got a huge cart, put one small item in the cart (usually a can of sardines) and then perused out salad bar and hot foods section, "sampling" literally everything we had. She would then go to our hot soups and "sample" all of those. And *then* she would go to the candy dispensers and "sample" all of *those*.  We had to ask her multiple times to stop, but she continued to do it. Her reasoning was that she was a paying customer (because of the one can of sardines she buys every week), so she should be able to sample our stuff. After a while we just had someone follow her around the store every time we saw her come in to stop her from "sampling" anymore on her own.  Moral of the story: Old ladies are the worst.
I found out that my dad had at least two affairs when I was growing up and while my mom had cancer. (She has had cancer 3 times). He was a landlord for several apartments around our city, and he used one of the apartments as a sort of love nest for him and his mistress.  It's not that I don't wish I had found out about it--I'm glad I know the type of man my father was so that I didn't grow up to date or marry someone like him. I just wish that it didn't happen to begin with. But I can't change my father's actions, so now I'm just stuck knowing the person I grew up admiring is actually a huge perv who can't keep it in his pants even when his wife has cancer and his daughter is home taking care of her. And when I think about it, the signs were there all along. I wasn't blind to them--in fact there were several times when I almost blurted out to my mom that I was afraid my dad was having an affair--but I was too naïve actually to believe that my father, who claimed to love me and want what was best for me, would do something that horrible to his family.
College is really stressful and there will be a lot of times when you have so much to do that you think you won't be able to do it all. You *will* be able to do it all, and you might have to sacrifice some sleep or fun plans to get it done, but remember that academics are the *main* reason you're in school--the whole reason you pay a lot of money in tuition every year and share a small room with a person you've never met before and buy overpriced textbooks. You wouldn't want to waste your money, so get your work done. Sure, it seems like a lot more fun to get high and have an ice cream eating competition in your school's late-night cafeteria, but when you wake up the next morning (or afternoon, more likely), you'll feel gross and probably a little pukey and you'll *still* have a lot of work to do. Plus you probably won't win that ice cream-eating contest anyway, who are you kidding.  The best way to deal with the stress of having a lot to do is to plan out when you're going to do things as best as you can, stick with your plan, and definitely try to plan in a way that doesn't leave important things to the last minute. Do stuff that's due Monday *before* you start on things that are due Tuesday. That seems seems obvious, but you'd be surprised how easy it is to trick yourself into thinking you're being productive by doing a bunch of minor tasks due Tuesday that can be done in half an hour that aren't as important as what's due on Monday. You're not being productive, you're just making it harder for yourself to do proper work on your project due Monday. Do your work!  And show up for class. Seriously. It is so easy and tempting to not go to class but it also fucks your grades up. And communicate to your professor if you won't be able to make it to a class. Don't just be a no-show.  Amidst all of this, you do have to make time for yourself and to have fun. As far as social activities go, definitely have fun (but be safe!) at parties, but don't let your whole social experience in college be about partying. Join a club for something you're interested in, even something that seems kinda dumb! It will diversify your resume, you might be able to get a leadership position if you stick with it, you'll probably learn some valuable skills, and you'll make a ton of friends who have similar interests and goals. Plus, going to parties with friends you're in a club with and actually share something with is a lot more fun than going to parties in random strangers' basements with the aggressively friendly but kind of off-putting kid from down the hall who won't stop talking about how you're going to be his wingman all night.  Finally, try to find your textbooks online (I usually go with Amazon) before you buy them in your store. For some classes it may be unavoidable, but do your best to get your textbooks at a cheaper price. (Another fun fact about Amazon: they offer prime to students for free for a whole year. You can order more ramen than you've even dreamed of for a cheap price and with free shipping! Take advantage of the free/discounted stuff you get as a student.)  Sorry for the novel. I did a lot of things I regretted freshman year and I wish I had someone to tell me all these things! TLDR: don't be an ass and make your experience worth the money you paid for it. Have a good year :)
Basically any fandom with a name for themselves and act like they're ~2 quirky 4 u~. "Superwholockians" are a good example and like half the reason I stopped using tumblr.
I mean I do think it's rude to use such sexually aggressive language when talking about "bitches" when there's a group of guys and only one woman in the room. I don't think it's expecting them to treat me differently, I think it's expecting them to treat me respectfully. Referring to women as bitches is clearly a gendered insult. I don't go off on them or anything when they talk like that, all I'm saying is that it makes me uncomfortable and it's disappointing that people talk that way about women, even when it is just "childish videogame talk."
Wow, that's disgusting. Holy shit. I'm really sorry and I hope you're healthy and happy, and I hope the ignorant shit who said that to you comes to see things differently someday. It's 100% not your fault and I hope you can recover from whatever trauma might have been inflicted on you. You are loved and and strong and you have this entire subreddit's support 3
Quote aside, the leading on this is awful.
I fucking lost it. I've been giggling at that for the past five minutes. Every time I stop giggling my mind wanders back to that sentence and I start giggling again.
BBBBBOOOOOOOOOOooooOOoOOO^oooo000^0000
I mean, I wouldn't call it *offensive* per se, but as a person with Celiac disease, yeah, gluten is actually pretty fucking dangerous. And people who perpetuate the idea that "people who don't eat gluten are soft" make it a lot more difficult for me, as a person who can't eat gluten, to go out and easily find gluten-free options.  And I don't give a shit if some people don't eat gluten for "real" medical reasons--if more people are requesting gluten-free options at restaurants, then that means that more restaurants will start offering gluten-free items. And *that* means that I can go out with my friends and order something easily, without having to send the waiter to the back and check the exact ingredients of everything (which I don't like doing and they don't like doing). Each time a person makes a joke about gluten-free people being pussies or something, it makes it harder for people with my condition to live their lives comfortably.  /rant  TLDR: Fuck all y'all, make gluten-free foods more readily accessible
Yay! You're amazing, thank you!!
This is so amazing! Would you mind posting the recipes for a few of these? I would try to figure it out myself but I'm a terrible cook, haha
They are some ridiculously photogenic dogs
Former 2 year old girl here, I can confirm that scented chapstick is delicious
It's not even that your post is poorly worded, it's just that not a lot of people know what "doxing" or "copypasta" or a lot of the other strictly Internet-culture terms you used mean. No need to be hard on yourself or anything! :)
~capitalism~
If you have any friends who are into dystopian novels and/or women's rights, I'd definitely say *The Handmaid's Tale* by Margaret Atwood. It's my all-time favorite book, and it's a classic.   (It's also my personal belief that we should have all kids reading it in school because it directly ties to some of the reproductive rights themes we see in politics today, but that's just me)
A lawyer?
JASON BOURNE. YOU'RE JASON BOURNE.
Exactly, and the way he kept referring to her as a "foul-mouthed young lady" and shit like that--like how prudish and ignorant do you have to be to hear the word "fuck" and decide that that is somehow grounds for arresting someone or refusing them care? She wasn't even directing the word at him, she was just freaking out about her father. I'd say that's a natural reaction, but that guy was horrible about it.
It seemed more like she was trying to calm the guy down when they were talking to her in part 2, but then in part 3 I think she was just tired of being threatened and called a bitch. She probably should have treated it more like an emergency situation, but the guy yelling at her definitely made is more difficult to do so--all around the guy who filmed this is just entrapped in a clusterfuck of other people's outrage. And all he needs is his asthma puffer. :(
I live in Pennsylvania. We have terrible infrastructure. There are so many potholes! So many!!! And especially after last winter.