Have you tried searching Google for "cofounder dating". You may find someone useful there, I managed to arrange a meeting with a sales guy for next week for my idea through a site I found:   http://founderdating.com/ - Seems to be for the US market https://www.cofounderslab.com/ - Seems to be more for the UK market.
Great and clear reply, thank you and taken on board!
That's a good idea, I like that one, thanks.
I don't quite follow where you say;  "advisor with less time demand (and no consulting fee) and earning say 1%"  Do you mean that he should not be paid his consulting fee and given a 1% share of the business for his work?  Thanks for the 'No-one's irreplaceable' comment. I have been thinking the same thing today. I'm slightly gutted though as he did seem to be such a perfect match.
Yep, that was my thought when heard he only had a half day a week. I didn't want to colour my post though. Thanks for your opinion.
The irony of depression: triple the work load
I went to see an ENT recently for similar reasons. As mentioned by ads215 Flixonaise is the "go to" product. My ENT also told me that an antibiotic called Clarithromycin at low dosages make for a good antihistamine (or maybe anti-inflamatory) - this was discovered by Japanese scientists. I was given a dosage of 250mg per day. I can't really say how effective it was as I didn't take it due to extreme insomnia.   In the UK you can just to to your GP and they will prescribe the Flixonaise. In England you will pay a few £'s to get the prescription filled.  You can also ask your GP about Clarithromycin but they may well not know about it. Maybe you can find info on it on the internet and show it to your GP. I am not even sure if it is safe for long-term use.  Have you also tried dust mite protectors for you mattress, pillows and quilt? ELF Evolution make good quality covers - see Amazon. You can also buy a UV wand that will kill dust mites and a sonic emitter that will disrupt their feeding and breeding cycles. It takes 3 months to reduce the dust mite population by about 50%.
I was there myself until recently. Doctors and psychologists didn't agree and I was left floundering for about 20 years. It was a terrible time and I hope that you find a coping strategy much, much quicker than I did.  I think that solving any issue like this is incredibly complicated. It is very difficult for you to find any solution if your health care providers cannot agree on a diagnosis. Keep talking to them and incorporate their information into your coping strategies. However, realise that if they can't agree then it may well fall upon you to both manage them and do a lot of the research into the possibilities yourself. That is how I finally solved my issues, by taking full control of my situation. As you correctly say, the internet can't diagnose you but it can give you ideas of things to try.   I know what I am saying it probably very hard and unpleasant to digest. You want help but those who are best placed to give it don't agree. For the immediate future that fact won't change and the burden will fall back on you again - nasty as that it is. You are doing the right thing by asking here for advice. Unfortunately, the best I can do is to suggest that you take a longer term perspective. Educate yourself, try new things, treat the problem you are having as a difficult nut to crack - it certainly sounds like a difficult situation to be in. Read a little each week, but allow yourself time to acknowledge that at times you will need to stop looking for a solution due to exhaustion. That's OK but try not to completely give up.  Maybe you could ask your psychiatrist/doctor for medications that treat bipolar and/or depression. You may not fit the classic symptoms (as evidenced by the disagreement of the professionals) but that doesn't necessarily mean medication won't help. I would also look at cutting out possible dietary problems such as wheat, dairy etc. If diet is the problem then you should see improvements within a couple of weeks.   How is your sleep? Could poor sleep be a root cause? Some people get apnoea that prevents them entering REM and they wake up feeling rotten.   I did write an article trying to provide motivation to people in your position. If you are interested it is at: http://tinyurl.com/n8mz6je  You sound like you are a hard worker at the times when you are focussed. Maybe your main project should be to continue looking for a solution to the issues you describe.   Good luck. It sounds like you are in an unenviable position. I'm sorry I can't be of better help. It makes me sad to think that maybe there are people just starting on the journey that I started on 20 years ago.
It didn't help me but I am fairly certain that my issues were caused by a mixture of vitamin deficiency and allergies (touch wood, fingers crossed etc.). There is plenty of evidence to suggest it works for SAD and delayed sleep phase disorder.   There is an interesting book called Chronotherapy (renamed as 'Reset Your Inner Clock') by Dr. Michael Terman who set up the Centre for Environmental Therapeutics. You may be interested in that if you think that light is the source of your insomnia.
The science behind the effects of blue light on your sleep
I would recommend the Phillips GoLite. It is small compact, re-chargable (lasts for about 3 charges) and provides a pure blue light. I tested the pureness with some blue blocker glasses and it was close to 100%. It is the equivalent of about 10,000 lux. A very nice piece of equipment. It is a little expensive though at ~£100.
Monty Python and the NHS - 25 years of insomnia.
I'm maybe slightly unusual as I think I eventually found out that it is allergies that keep me awake. I don't have a lot of info on why that is yet.  I know that killing dust mites for two hours a week, not eating any dairy and Trazadone has recently been magic for me. The odd thing was that the allergies weren't an obvious thing for me. I also take vitamin D (15 time the RDA) which massively improves my mood but I live in un-sunny Scotland. These videos explain the vitamin D link with sleep very well (http://goo.gl/QqzGw4).
I used to just stare groggily at my computer monitor all day pretending to work while really getting very little done or plain old doing it badly!  Thanks for the clear answer, it is appreciated.
I always find it difficult not to follow the sleep hygiene advice. I know if I sleep, even for just 30 minutes at about 3:00pm then I will feel a lot better. The problem is that is hard to do if you have a job, and it upsets sleep at night. Hence I try to stay in that 9-5 routine in the hope that one day I will be 'normal'.   That said I agree with you that sometime you just need to sleep at odd times. A small amount of feeling refreshed is sometimes enough to give me the strength to get through a bad patch.  It sounds a little like you think that sleep is the root problem, would you say that is accurate for you?
I agree with mylittletarget.   Don't beat yourself up to much about what you can't do. Give yourself permission to take time out for yourself. Give yourself the time to begin to get better even if progress is very slow. I just took two months off and am just today starting to think about getting back into my usual routine - you aren't alone in feeling the way you do even though it sucks to be there right now. Sometimes life will throw you a curve-ball and all you can do is go with the flow. Don't compare yourself to others because they probably don't have your problems.   If this is a recurring issue then think back to the times this happened before. Realise that eventually things did get better last time and maybe they will this time as well.   Maybe try to give yourself only one task a day or even every other day. Maybe it is going to the shops, doing the laundry or even just having a shave/wash. These things can seem like mountains at times. When going up a mountain it is best to go slow in order to conserve the energy you have. Give yourself permission to treat yourself if you can, a double treat if you accomplish your task for the day - maybe an extra chocolate bar without feeling guilty.  I am being presumptuous but it sounds like maybe your were raised by foster carers. Could you find a forum and read about how others have coped with the issues you are having? Knowing that you are not the only person who has faced this problem can be a useful perspective to have. Maybe finding people who discuss similar issues to yours can be one of your tasks for the day.  Good luck.
Thanks for all of the great replies. There is a lot more to mining that I had initially anticipated and your answers have helped clear my head. It is much appreciated.
Thanks for the reply Scrapper89.  When I first started looking into this the DRK calculator was giving returns of about 300 coins annually. The last few days it has been suggesting returns of about 190.  As I could pick up 150DRK for about £1,000 and that is the same as the cost of the rig then the trouble to set it up should be for fun and learning rather than profit.  Increasing the block reward from 5 to 12 increases the annual return from 190DRK to 458DRK. That return would certainly make it worth the effort. However:  http://drk.poolhash.org/graph.html  Suggests that the average reward to date looks like 8-ish. With a 7% block reward reduction occurring in 9 months (?) time I assume I could expect the reward to be down to about 4. If so then that gives a reward average over the next 9 months of about 6. For the rig I am thinking about then that would return about 175DRK over the next 9 months - and then a serious decline. Have I got that right?
Question about building first mining rig   I am thinking about building my first rig to mine DarkCoin, but I am a little short on space. I have a couple of cupboards but neither of them has any air flowing through them and they have the following sizes:  * 3' by 3'; * 2' by 4'.  The rig will have 6 GigaByte 750TIi's and I am wondering about the heat and noise produced.   The information I have found suggests that the heat will be about 650W. The noise will be about 40 decibels for each card - making a total of about 60 decibels for all the cards and PSU etc. 60 decibels is apparently about the same as a conversation going on about 5 foot away.   The questions I have are:  * Is such a rig still worth building or am I a little late to the party? I am looking at speculation in the longer term (1-2 years) rather than immediate profit;  * Is the noise from such a rig annoying even in a closed cupboard? I am hoping for little more than an audible hum outside the cupboard and no noise in a bedroom 10ft away with two doors in-between;  * Would the heat would be a problem in such a cupboard?  Thank you!
How Did Sleep Become So Nightmarish?
That's good. The jarring effect is like something out of a horror movie or having your brain stuck in a blender.
Good luck kittenmitten. Can you not switch to another doctor if this one is an ass?
CBT-I seems to have up to 80% success rates as far as I read and it is well worth re-itterating it's success rates. I think you are also right that sleep forums in general are filled with hopelessness. People who solve their issues get on with their life and don't come back, leaving the forums with only people who have problems!  However I did read a small clinical study involving 5 people where 2 of them failed to be able to adhere to the SRT program. In both cases there cortisol levels increased just before they went to sleep. The study didn't suggest why it rose but I would hypothesise that they got anxious about having to sleep at a specific time.  I also read a book called 'The Effortless Sleep Method' and while I didn't like the 'faith healer' style of it I did contact the author as she had said in the book that many people fail using Sleep Restriction Therapy. When I emailed her she said she had 100's of emails from people who were upset that they couldn't stick to the program.   I wrote more about this here:   https://trackitude.com/article/sleep/sleep-restriction-therapy-for-insomnia-more-harm-than-good/  It is also worth remembering that physical problems can also cause sleep issues. Depression, vitamin/hormonal deficiencies or apnoea. If SRT doesn't work for you then push your doctor to get more and more tests done. Many doctors are dismissive of tiredness, so I generally advise taking a friend/family member with you to back you up.  Anyway, a great positive and helpful post - thanks.
Personal stories of sleep apnoea - I though Bob's and George's were the best.
The Good And Bad News About Your Sleep Debt
Well written story of experience getting N24 disorder diagnosed.
Magnesium is supposed to be a relaxant and I have found that seems to be useful over the last few days - that is all I have been taking it for. Magnesium Taurate is apparently the best absorbed but Magnesium Citrate is also meant to be good - Magnesium Oxide has a poor absorption rate. It apparently works by pulling Calcium out of the muscles which helps them to relax. If you are doing heavy lifting then it may help with the aches and pains and also help your mind relax.   I also have also heard that Melatonin does not work for some people but does work for others. For those is does not work for then the base building blocks of 5-HTP and L-Tryptophan convert into Melatonin. I found that 5-HTP kept me awake at night and so I am taking it at lunchtime to increase Serotonin levels. Serotonin should then be converted into Melatonin at night. It is too early for me to know if this works for me yet.  All of those are sold in health stores as supplements and so may be useful. They are cheap to try and maybe you will have some luck with them. Good luck!
Could you let me know why you think the article is 'bullshit content'? It looks at 9 scientific studies to form an opinion. You may disagree with the derived opinion but that doesn't make it a 'bullshit content'. If you think the quality is low then I would appreciate your reasoning as to why so that it may be improved. Thanks.
Is insomnia just your natural sleep pattern?
Seasonal Affective Disorder and insomnia: Why do we live in the dark?
Insomnia and acupuncture: don’t waste your money
Sleeping pills are useless and even dangerous!