Oh my god! I'm from bay city!
I'm hoping this way works out for me!
I got  samples of Brier Path, Zazz, Cozy Sweater, Imp, and Twice is Nice as well as a PB in Zazz (smaller size was sold out, so I hope it was worth buying the full size).   I'm new to perfumes, so I'm hoping these scents will be great!
/u/trollabot train_subject6494
Product List:  Kat Von D studded lipstick in Lolita  Givenchy Mascara (100 point perk)  LUSH Cosmetics lip scrub in Mint Julip  MAC lipstick in Heroine  Kat Von D Foiled Lipstick in Valentine  Kat Von D Foiled Liquid Lipstick in Adora  NARS dual intensity eyeshadow singles in Himalia and Dione  Mini Smashbox Full Exposure pallet  Real Techinique Brushes
I'm pretty sure I have 10+ lipsticks just for putting my lip of the day in my purse and forgetting to take it out!'
Thanks!
Tri-city area in Michigan, maybe he reads reddit and just stole it, because I mean what are the odds that this thread is on the front page of r/askreddit AND the town radio host happens to share stories about bad break-ups that include getting a membership to the KKK
[ADVICE] Good Foundation for Prom!   As the title says, im looking for a good Prom foundation.   Skin tone: Not exactly sure, but im very pale, i would say slighty pink undertones but thats an honest guess  Skin type: very oily and acne prone.   Why?: Need a good coverage, long lasting, foundation thatll keep my not shiny in pictures OR real life  Context: I normally use Revlon Photo Ready BB cream, or Bare Minerals in the lightest color, both look great in the morning at 7 am, but by 11 im super shiny and uncomfortable. i want something that i can put on, and not worry ( or worry very little) from 6pm to 5 am,   Budget: Really any, my mother is paying, but i am going to ulta to shop so anything that would be in stock there or a drugstore would be preferable  Makeup Experience: Moderate experience, im doing my own makeup for prom, but its not anything crazy hard. i would say i  learn very quickly so i can take any advice and do my best with it Special considerations: Going to ulta this evening, i need it by Saturday ( so i cant order anything online)  Thanks guys!
TIYBOB   This just so happens to be my 200th comment so yay me!   I am in love with the super purple one. I am in desperate  need of a color like that! I love that there has been so many give aways on this sub!
Thank you! I love it!
That makes total sense! thanks for telling me! It won't happen again, :)
I'm sorry! I'm a mobile only user so I cannot see any of the rules . I had no idea. My previous post was hidden for for questions if it had a subjects name in it, so I thought it'd submit something else, I did not realize it was a violation. Thank you for notifying me though. May i ask why that's a rule in this sub?
I'm also 15, and currently in a long term relationship with a woman. I guess you could say I found my girlfriend by pure luck, but I think letting your sexuality be known (though scary) will help attract interested people. I completely understand what you mean by practice. I think young love is something you need to experience. Just because it's "young love" doesn't make the feelings any less valid. A ton of people are being condescending on this thread, and I think it's completely unhelpful. Go out and get to know the other lesbians at you school (if any) make friendship, and see where those lead you! Good luck!
Paper Hats
Now that's pure Michigan
Everyone I know uses some kind of drug. From coke to caffeine. I don't  know If it's a small town thing, but here drugs is an everyday occerance
no problem! its been about 24 hours since i smoked and ive just been sleeping and lying in bed all day. I asked the guy i smoked with how he was doing and he said it was amazing for him. He smokes a ton everyday so i feel i cant really compare myself to him. It might be fair to mention that i took my anti-anxiety/depression pill right after i smoked because i have to take it at night. i take lexapro, just info if anyone knows if this contributes
god, my friends love die antwoord, they listen to them all the time, i think its horrible and creepy!!
Brendon Urie of Panic At The Disco Singing "Carry on my Wayward Son"
how old are you and your friend? just curious to see if this gets better or worse with age
First Time Lollapalooza Attendee, wondering what cool and interesting things there are to do when we aren't watching a set   for the record, i am going with 2 other people (15-18) and don't have tons of extra cash to spend. Thanks for any help!
Sherlock is amazing
Icona Pop!!!
[Help] I cant stop throwing up   While i'm at school i have this problem of getting really high anxiety over something and having to leave class and vomit for 10 or so minutes. It only happened rarely at first but it has slowly gotten to about 2 or 3 times a week. Anyone have (or had) a similar problem? It's very difficult to deal with and i'd like it to stop
The fuck?
awks
Thank you very much!  I'm flattered :D
Sorry! i guess i misinterpreted what you said! i just dont like upseting people :)
tangents are fine! Its rough when people assume i try to "kill myself" or "cut" for attention because i'm the exact opposite. I'm in theater so when we are changing of course you're going to see some old scars. That's not me trying to cry for attention, that's me trying to live with the mistakes i've inflicted onto my body. I've been ridiculed countless times about my view on how i live with old scars. I see them as something i cant change and i refuse to be worried about them. They are there and if you see them its nothing you should need to worry about.   i went off on a tangent as well, oops!
its a haunted video game pasta, its alright, not terrifying by any means
about to read it right now!