I had this exact routine about 6 years ago while I was on vacation from school.  The only thing that helped me was fasting as notoriousrdc said and then getting into a routine and sticking to it.  Also, **your bed is only for sleep and sex**.  Otherwise it will take you forever to actually fall asleep once you are ready to go to sleep because you've been in bed all day watching Netflix and your brain is like "so what, we've been doing this all day..."
Yup, my dad died very unexpectedly and we had to have a very modest memorial service and cremation because he was unemployed after losing his business in 2006 and my mom didn't get shit because she's an educator.  I also had tons of health issues when I was in high school (including a surgery) and the insurance fought so much of it because it's so shitty.
I had the same reaction to the heartbeat as you.  Wasn't emotional or anything.  "That's pretty cool!"  I also had the same fears as you regarding not loving my child.    You may not immediately connect with your baby.  It happens, and it's no big deal.  Motherhood may suck for a while, since the first couple of months your baby eats, poops, sleeps, and cries.  How much he/she does of each depends on your baby.  If you put effort into it and make sure you take care of yourself mentally and take care of the needs of your baby you will get there.  You will probably connect with your child.    I had a small group of 3 friends that I constantly texted with before I was married and then we kept in touch until before I was pregnant and now that my son is 9 months.... we're doing a girls weekend this weekend.  We are still the same.  They love my son, they love seeing pictures and seeing him in person and hearing about him.  We still talk and do all the normal things.  I may not have been able to see them as much as I was able to before, but that's ok.  Things change.  You don't have to do anything you don't want to do.  However, social development is important for your child and that means interacting with other children.  That may mean chatting with their mothers/fathers/guardians and being polite and listening to their conversations while your child learns to play with other children.  I'm being 100% honest with you here in saying that one aspect of being a mother is giving up some selfishness.
Thank you so much!  I'll stick to that then :)
I don't *like* being called ma'am because I still feel 18, but honestly I don't give a shit as long as it's not insulting in any way.  I've noticed to get my attention some people whose second language is English will say "lady" when trying to get my attention.  Honestly I don't give a crap.
It's been a while since I've posted baby pics on here!    [Father's Day with Daddy and Papa (grandpa)](http://i.imgur.com/dr88Yzf.jpg)  [Snacktime!](http://i.imgur.com/KDNExGe.jpg)  [Silly duck hat with daddy](http://i.imgur.com/VBVSpT8.png)  [8 months old!](http://i.imgur.com/H1SvnB6.png)  [Perfect Plank](http://i.imgur.com/ogLSe21.png)  [Practicing crawling with daddy](http://i.imgur.com/lPj7cHf.png)  [Post-bath mowhawk](http://i.imgur.com/lEmc7o4.png)  [Fell asleep on the couch with daddy](http://i.imgur.com/a3qK6Vy.png)  This post makes me realize I need to get out from behind the camera with him.  [Here's one with me](http://i.imgur.com/eb0shul.jpg)
False.  It works on nipples.
I'm fat but shrinking (down 30 lbs and beatig a sugar addiction) and I have an 8 month old son. He mostly doesn't eat anything that wasn't killed for its meat or picked from a plant. He occasionally gets rice crackers (maybe once a week) and eats things like liver and bone broth. I'm going to work very hard to teach him how to eat and encourage him to exercise and I've realized that I am absolutely his role model for these things. If I sit around eating mcdonalds all the time but tell him he can only have vegetables and meat he is going to resent me. I'll be damned if he has to go through the same shit I did when his health is under my control
I have the same fear.  I haven't done any keto faux-desserts since starting because i'm pretty sure that has derailed me in the past.  Same with low carb tortillas and other franken-foods.  But diet soda was my jam, I could drink up to 10 a day.  Now it's tea with a slice of lemon, black coffee, or water.  Then again, I'm not even done with day 1 yet, but hopefully i can stick with this restriction
I don't get to use the big tubs anymore due to an allergy, so we're on the Alimentum.  I'm stuck with the cans, which always peel off in one go.  Getting the tab to unstick to the cover is a bitch, though.
Cute! Mine ends up with his forehead laying on his hands, nose into the mattress. No matter what I do he ends up like that. I don't sleep well due to worry
Depends on what you want to do. Professor? Major in math, no minors required. Going into computer science? Minor in comp sci. Same with finance. If you want to be an actuary, get started with the tests while still in college and get an internship.   A math degree looks good on a resume, the first job I got out of college was bc I had a math degree (and no experience). Now I'm a Business Analyst and really enjoy what I'm doing, but I feel like I limited my options by not having a minor.
We leave ours in the nursery, but my pastors have said that bringing him into service would be fine ("joyful noise of children"). Unfortunately before I had Rhys I got easily distracted by noisy kids in service so I'm less likely to do so unless there are special circumstances. When he was a newborn we would take him in his car seat bc he would sleep the whole time. Now we leave him at the nursery and will do so until he's 3 (when the nursery won't take him anymore)
doot doot doot
My situation is not typical, but I figured I'd put it out there.  Up front costs are big, as you may have to furnish a new room, as well as get things like a car seat, stroller, etc...  Monthly costs can be expensive, I'd look into Amazon  subscriptions for things like diapers and possibly formula (we use Honest Company subscription for diapers).  If your wife can BF, go for it.  Day care will be the #1 biggest expense by far.  It's like college tuition that you can't take out federal loans for.  We really lucked out, my MIL was a stay at home mom and now that she's an empty nester, she volunteered to watch my son while my husband and I are at work for free.  My husband works from home but wouldn't have the time to entertain   care for the baby and work, so my MIL just comes over every day from 9-5.  If there is anyone in your family who would volunteer to care for the baby for you, TAKE THEM UP ON IT.  We were very hesitant to at first, thinking we would be a burden.  After the first day I went back to work we decided we need someone.  You can get clothes super cheap on ebay or Craigslist.  Don't buy certain things used, like car seats or other safety equipment.
You're both correct.  Drag has sometimes been a gateway for transgendered females (see [Carmen Carerra](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carmen_Carrera) and [Sonique](http://logosrupaulsdragrace.wikia.com/wiki/Sonique)).  However the majority of the time drag performers identify as male.
Everywhere I've looked for any kind of actuarial position requires the first two tests to be passed. My GPA was also less than stellar which makes people automatically reject me. I would love to be an analyst of some sort but never get calls back, probably due to the fact I have no experience as an analyst.
I sorta feel this way about directions at work.  My supervisor comes to me, trying to be personable and telling me what needs to be done.  I would MUCH rather an impersonal email so I have a record of what was asked of me.  Too many times I've been put in the position of   Upper Management: "why did you do this?"   Me:"well, X asked me to"    UM: "when, and what did he say?"   Me: "I don't have the specifics stored away in my memory, let me dig through my planner to see when i wrote it down"
I feel the same way.  Here in Houston we have Shipley's and every other donut is garbage in comparison.  A Dunkin Donuts opened near me, first DD in the area, and I have tried multiple kinds of their donuts and they are all disgusting.
Definitely agree with you.  I'm a Christian and the whole point about being a Christian is that we are absolutely imperfect and sinners.  Yes, we as Christians should strive to be more like Jesus, but it's impossible to not be sinners.  Honestly, if I was called out by someone who didn't share my faith I would be a little peeved, because the person calling me out doesn't share the same perspective I do.  Call me out on just being a bad human being if I am, don't bring my faith into it unless you're another Christian who I also consider a good friend trying to keep me accountable.
http://i.imgur.com/yUc7oM3.jpg  My little nugget is 2 weeks old today! So in love.
Talk about terrifying!  So glad everything worked out for the best, though! Hope you can take your precious bundle home as soon as possible :)
Currently on modified bed rest for hypertension. Decided yesterday to deep clean my bathroom, including removing the toilet seat and scrubbing it in the bath tub. Couldn't finish reinstalling the toilet seat because my hands swelled up so much. Thankfully BP was back to normal by yesterday evening but I felt like hell all day afterwards. Guess that's all the nesting I'll be doing :/
As a fellow nervous nellie who is far along in pregnancy:  STOP.  Stop taking your temperature.  Don't google every little symptom you have.  If you feel like something really isn't right, call your OB.  Otherwise you're most likely fine.  Worrying about it won't do anything to make it better, and your body needs to be as stress free as possible.  Just relax, it's going to be one hell of a ride from here on out :)  If you are getting nervous and ever need someone to talk to, PM me.
Got a BFP before I had to start fertility treatments! Introductory post!   Hi /r/babybumps!  I got the confirmation yesterday that I am pregnant for the first time ever at 4 weeks exactly!  I was due to start Femera and trigger shot at the start of my next cycle but it never came :D  I have PCOS so I'm cautiously optimistic, though my hormone levels are very well managed with diet and Metformin.  I've been put on Endometrin (progesterone suppository) and Estradiol (estrogen supplement) to make sure everything progresses well in the first trimester.  I just can't let myself be fully happy about this, though.  No matter if it's a pregnancy or something else, I can never let myself get my hopes up.  I'm afraid if I do, they will be dashed and everything will go wrong.  But for now I'm cautiously optimistic and happy.  Due around November 2!  Only told immediate family, best friends, work HR, and YOU.    More bloodwork tomorrow to see if the supplements are doing what they need to be doing, then an ultrasound next week!!!
Round face, want to cut off all my hair, need help   If this belongs in another subreddit please let me know.  I don't think I'm breaking any rules by asking this here.  I've been using some of the online "try on a hairstyle" things.  I can't decide if I like how they look or not.  I'm chubby and I have a round face, though it has slimmed down significantly since the start of my weight loss.    My husband says I need a pointier face to pull off short haircuts. Can any of you with more experience and less personal bias help me?   Current hair (no styling, just washed and air dried): http://imgur.com/WAZNn48  Album of "try ons" (hair would still be brown): http://imgur.com/a/dbQYm  Any feedback would be appreciated.    I know these aren't the best representations, but it's honestly the best I could do with these types of programs.
Too few carbs?   I've been on keto for 5 weeks now and, following the initial water weight, have not lost another pound. I'm consistently under 20g carbs, am drinking enough water, am meeting my macros and calorie goals, have tried IF, fat fasting, and cutting out artificial sweeteners.   I've measured myself and haven't lost any inches. I'm literally the same place I was after losing the water weight. If I had lost the 10 pounds spread out over 5 weeks this post wouldn't be here.   The only way I'm not perfectly meeting my macros is on the net carbs. I'm usually under 20g, around 10 or 15.  I eat spinach salads every day and broccoli at night, so I'm getting enough veggies. I'm on a probiotic and multivitamin.   What gives? I have insulin resistance and PCOS, so this lifestyle should be perfect for me. My sugar addiction is gone but the weight won't come off at all.   The only thing I can think of is that I should try the last resort: working out. My nemesis. I've never had good endurance or diligence when it came to working out and I was put on beta blockers this last week so it worries me a bit.   I just need advice. I've posted my food logs before and adjusted my macros as advised. They're never perfect by someone's standards but they're pretty damn close.   Help me, /r/keto. You're my only hope
Trees and Anxiety/Depressive Disorders   If this doesn't belong here, please direct me to where I should post this.  There are just so many ent subreddits that I'm just clueless.  First, my back story:  I have anxiety and depression.  The anxiety isn't constant but was recently exacerbated by an inner ear infection.  For a span of about 18 months between 2008 and 2010 I smoked "legal" substitues.  Yes, I know about how unhealthy it is and I quit after the newer blends were giving me panic attacks.  I recently convinced my new husband to switch to real trees, but I'm afraid about partaking myself with what happened before with the legal stuff.  I know they're completely different, but I'm still concerned.  That being said, is medical marijuana prescribed for anxiety and depressive disorders?  I've read about long-term smokers developing anxiety, supposedly because of the long-term use.  I don't live in a medical state, but I figured the best way to get a somewhat scientific/medical answer is to ask:  Is medical marijuana prescribed for the relief of anxiety disorders?  I know it's used for depression.    I appreciate you, Ents.
I synced up the It's Raining MenGusta gif with the song.
How should I go about applying for careers?   I've read multiple posts saying "Put on a suit and go out and talk to someone face-to-face!"  To whom do I talk? Do I ask for the HR manager? I've been using internet job boards to no avail and tomorrow plan on getting out there but what are some things I need to know beforehand?  Edit: For clarification, I just graduated with a B.S. in Mathematics and am looking for a corporate analyst position (business, financial, risk, compensation, etc...).  I'm 24 and located in a booming business city (Houston, TX if you must know)
Hello r/Lutheran! Introductions!   Introducing myself!  23 year old female from Texas.  Raised in the Southern Baptist church, now engaged to an LCMS Lutheran.  Fiance is planning to go to seminary at some point and is currently looking for a youth ministry job. He's been a great source of theological discussion and leadership for me and, while I don't understand some Lutheran things, I agree with everything so far (after 3 years together).  I hope this group will gain in membership and submissions.  Looking forward to it!
Yet another pesky River Song theory/question   So we were moffucked again a few days ago when Moffat said we still know nothing about River. What if her entire persona around the Doctor is an act, as she had been trained to do by those who raised her? What if she is really the bad guy in all of this? Is that even a possibility?  Also, I'm starting to think River and 11 aren't very romantically involved. I'm thinking the Stevie Wonder and Singing Towers Doctor is a future incarnation, especially since the screwdriver he gave River (for the Library) is not 11's screwdriver. She says it's his screwdriver (as opposed to a screwdriver), and 10's was destroyed in the Eleventh Hour.  Am I thinking too much? This break is destroying me. Thank heavens for Torchwood tonight.