How Slovenia turned itself around: Another Balkan country didnt need an EU bailout to get its crisis-ridden economy back on track.
Good golly, brah.
Obama: $80 billion spent on incarceration could eliminate tuition at public universities
The Central Intelligence Agencys health professionals repeatedly criticized the agencys post-Sept. 11 interrogation program, but their protests were rebuffed by prominent outside psychologists who lent credibility to the program, according to a sweeping new report.
Great so I created an album with both big-ass topical maps, and automod deleted it because you only allow single-image posts. That seems like such an arbitrary rule, do you want people to spam with multiple maps regarding the same topic because they can't submit an album?
Mapped: The Islamic States Territorial Losses and the Beginning of a United Kurdistan
Greeces growing political and economic problems have its small neighbor Macedonia sensing an opportunity to push hard for joining NATO, a move that has been stalled for years thanks to Athens opposition because of disputes over Macedonias name.
He doesn't even know what he's talking about. The deal hasn't been revealed yet. People really have no idea how trade negotiations work or how to conduct them. You want a fair deal for your country? You want trade to help you (because you *do* need trade and it *can* be helpful)? You're going to need to get with the program and stop shooting yourself in the foot by exposing the negotiations to criticism in the womb.
Plenty of redditors don't like this quote in particular because the arms industry manufactures the firearms that they love. That's part of it.  The other part is that reddit doesn't like religion very much. The pope is a religious figure.  Another part is that the Catholic Church has caused plenty of deaths in its time, and is hardly a pillar of moral superiority.  Another is that it's just sort of obvious to most people.  That's why the comments are so hostile. Luckily, it seems that many more thousands of people think it's a fine quote, by the vote count.
A Syrian group opposed to the country's autocratic leader, Bashar al-Assad, says airstrikes by the U.S.-led coalition killed 52 civilians. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights called the alleged killings a "massacre" committed under the "pretext" of targeting ISIS militants.
Well, there've also been actual cuts to higher ed. In my state, the portion of tuition that was covered by the state has flipped from 66% to 33% in a few years. Meanwhile, we have more students and therefore a need for more bureaucracy.  We can settle for less and argue all we want about who gets the scraps, but the fact is we *need* to raise state funding generally. Both admin and faculty need to get paid, not one or the other.
A new report from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York sends a more sobering message to millennials: Your first 10 years in the labor market likely shape your lifetime earning potential.
He really could've just given a straightforward "I was happy to see so many great law enforcement folks there last week, whether they were on duty or not." It was a little too bullshitty of an answer. Gotta really tread that line carefully between "bullshit" and "steaming bullshit."
Supreme Court allows Ariz. execution despite concerns over drug secrecy
Yea no kidding. Americans dig an absolute crushing victory, not a tie at the last minute. If anything this will decrease interest in the next match.
No.  Zinn's one (slightly crackpot) side to a multifaceted story. The senate was an unelected body meant to provide (in theory, mind you) a bulwark against an overreaching federal government and semi-autonomous regional governments.   Of course the framers were concerned about tyranny of the majority, as they should be, but the senate was not designed *only* to be a check on majority rule, and I disagree with his idea that "the framers" acted as one body that was exclusively interested in protecting their interests, and that that's the primary role they saw for the government. The framers were not a unanimous bloc, they had a lot of ideas for the roles of government, and they all disagreed about many of them. You can't make such blanket statements, things are more nuanced than that.  I can't stand people running around waving *People's History of the United States* and spouting these things as if they're the only way to look at it.