True love
British spelling is mould. American (woot woot) is mold.
He's also dead.
Poor Jane
Red head or ginger? There is a distinction
Because all objects accelerate downward at a constant speed of 9.8 m/s, any animal dropped out of a helicopter would fall at the same speed as the cow. Because a smaller object would have marginally less air resistance, it would fall faster. Therefore, due to physics, a frog dropped out of a helicopter would be faster than a cow.
*cough* Doctor Who *cough cough*
See, I appreciated the first person telling me this. Because I honestly had no idea who made it. But you are now the 8th person to say it and give the link. There are 47 *other* people here who have mentioned it's a repost. Yes. I get it. It is a repost. Thank you for telling me 55 times.
Wait, no. I was wrong. The capitalization isn't wonky enough to be Jaden Smith.
I was going to say magic tricks too! But that's because in high school I thought it would be fun to learn how to do them and I've seen almost all the good card tricks already :( so they have lost their wonder for me
I giggled.
Fuckin white people I swear
Open a fidelity investments account
Post a really clever and funny comment
Sorry in advance buuuuuttttttt he sounds like a dick. (I'm a guy btw) You make it sound like you're trying and you want to be great for him, and he is just using you as a hole for sex. The fact that he "doesn't talk during sex" really shouldn't be an excuse for why he isn't helping you build your confidence. Now I realize that telling you this isn't going to help at all, it isn't really constructive. This is just feedback and my opinion on what I'm noticing from your post. I would suggest working out. Many people that I know who had similar problems with confidence found themselves growing more comfortable with their bodies and abilities as lovers when they exercise frequently. Honestly sex feels great. I have sex all the time and it doesn't really matter what she does, it always feels nice. If she does a little extra stuff that feels cool too, but almost no matter what you do he will enjoy it and like it a lot. Don't freak out about it :)
Finding $20 in your pocket