It really depends on how the Eurozone deals with Greece after the election. They could do a massive debt writeoff and keep Greece in the EU in exchange for a package of economic liberalization, investment, and massive tax overhaul.  Or they could let it go and play Russian Roulette with the economy. Either way, the Greek debt is going to have written down to pennies on the dollar to prevent economic chaos in Europe.
It is the same thugs that had a secret place for "enhanced interrogations" of suspects.  aka: Rahm's Goon Squad  http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2015/feb/24/chicago-police-detain-americans-black-site
That thing has been eyesore on my bus ride on OCTA Route No. 56 (which I take at least a few times a week) ever since I moved to the Santa Ana, CA in 2012.  I always wonder what the backstory on that building is and now I know.
For me, I am very conservative on the issue of pension reforms within the state governments.  I think it takes away money from social programs insteat goes to state employees.   The second issue is the death penalty. I strongly support the death penalty, but I have a very nuanced view on it and I do support its abolition in a lot of cases,
Nice!
I always wear a conservative combination of a polo shirt and dress pants.  I also clean shaven and get my haircut monthly in a #2 cut.  I could careless about label, but I am interested in looking, neat, and presentable whereever I go.  My circle of friends could careless about labels, but also cares that you do not dress as a slob.  Being trendy is too hard for somebody with autism unless you keep up styles.  If you were really want to really learn about style, go to /r/ malefashionadvice or make check it out GQ or Esquire on a weekly basis for male fashion trends.
This is what you get from the GOP.  Care about big tax breaks for billionaries and try to create a cult of worship around the CEO and big business.     What we need to realize in society that there needs to arms-length distance between government and big business.  Big business and government need to coexist, but need to be independent from each other because it is job of big business to create the consumer and industrial goods for this country and it is job of the government to regulate the excesses of capitalism.  It seems that our country seems have to lost the properly distinguish the difference between the two.
If you are absolutely desperate for a job, go to Labor Ready in Costa Mesa.  They will put you to work immediately once you complete their registration process.  There are also telemarkets galore in the OC, but unless sales are your thing, I would not recommend it.  I am working for Labor Ready part-time because my part time job fell though and even though I work in the mainly in administrative and accounting fields, those jobs are harder to get.
I went to treatment and built a strong support network. I also moved to a sober living. My story is a little bit complicated because of several major relapses and two duis. But I finally got year clean. Also, do not hang out friends who chronically smoke weed and stay way from friends who recreationally smoke until you got one year clean and are not triggered in any form by people who smoke on front of you.
YOu mean this fire  http://losangeles.cbslocal.com/2013/09/28/small-brush-fire-erupts-on-hillside-in-san-juan-capistrano/
That is just the military zealots try to agree on a policy that is fail to implement.  I am sorry, but the Iraq War now has limited this type of intervention because you fools screwed up in Iraq and the inherent risk of the US bungling up another major operation is too high compared to have the benefit of what effect to Assad that it would have.
Personally, I knew people who in my social network who spew anti-Obama stuff, but I personally are wonderful and very nice people.  A lot of Christians that I know are very spiritual and really love God with all of their hearts.  I think that the media poisons the debate and makes charactures out of both liberals and conservatives.  Unless you know people personally really well that hold those views, sometimes the sterotype persists especially when you spend all of our time hanging out with one type of people.  People follow the echo chamber so much (including myself) and do not realize that reality is far different than the echo chamber that exists on the left.  Not all of right-wing and left-wing talk hosts reflect the craziness.  There is a lot of thoughtful conservative talk radio hosts (like Michael Medev) or Thom Hartmann who is a liberal talk show host.  I think Rachel Maddow and Chris Hayes are very thoughful people as well.   Not everybody that you hear on the radio is bombastic, but the people are the bombastic tend to drive the highest ratings and advertising dollars.  The funny is that the most crazy guy on the left, Mike Malloy, gets rejected even though Mike Malloy is often right.
If the victims want truth-in-sentencing, develop a state sentencing commission and then create significantly lower sentences for all crimes except for child rape, aggravated forcible rape, and first-degree murder.  Offenders would only get 15%-25% off their sentences and  victims would know exactly how long the offender is serving in prison without seeing a huge increase in overcrowding because stiff sentencing requirements.  In addition, people that commit serious violent habitual felonies more than two times are locked on life sentence without parole subject to governor's ability to commute the sentence to a terms of years if the prisoner shows extraordinary merit and rehabilitation of mind,body, and soul
Good, he is a very evil man who undermines the entire pro-choice movement.  I hope they nail his ass and give him the needle.
good shit.
I think the main problem is that he used doomsday language to get the Republicans to sway to vote on more tax increases.  That is not simply possible.  You are going to have to elect more dems because you have to tell and demonstrate the these cuts are actually bad for the economy and you need more revenue to do it.  We actually need to experience a few months of the sequester to really to determine whether it is really harmful for the country.  If it is, than the Republicans lose the political battle and Obama will be proven right.  If not, the GOP will have some talking points for the 2014 campaign.