op's mom's pussy
Yeah but the good thing was that you could dismiss it. I, as well as many other people, only care about the films. The EU was great because it allowed for the people who were hungry for more SW content to have access to it. But let's face it, if you made a movie about a cloned Palpatine, or whatever other ridiculous, glorified fan fiction makes up the EU, it would be trash, and it would also detract from the original films. But that's just my two cents.  Same goes with Rebels and Clone Wars. Disney can say that Ashoka is canon, but most people would agree that no, Anakin didn't have an apprentice.   I don't want to know what happened to Han before ANH. Let the viewer decide, because it doesn't matter. I don't want to know how Boba Fett came to be, the mystery that surrounds him is his best part. Don't shove characters into movies based on the fact that people like them, because it can destroy the artistic integrity of their story.   Star Wars is a vast universe of endless wonderful possibilities. Tell a new story for Pete's sake.
This question of "What happened between this episode and this episode?" and "What happened to this character before this episode?" will ultimately destroy the Star Wars franchise. It's fine as books but we're seeing it start with films like Han Solo. Soon there will be a Greedo movie and a Wedge Antilles movie and a young Lando movie and a movie that took place between ANH and ESB starring Leia and Chewie. Or maybe it's just me.
Test cut too bloated character-wise?   I was in a SW thread on 4chan and someone said that a test cut was shown to the guys at Disney and no one really knew what to make of it because it was very bloated in terms of characters.  Now obviously we can take this with a grain of salt because there was no source or explanation, but it got me thinking that he may be right considering the amount of characters which will be featured in TFA. I would list them all but I'm sure everyone here is well aware.  So I wanted to know your thoughts on this.
Bradley Cooper looks the part. Chris Pratt has got the charisma but he's basically one big goof and I wouldn't want to see him as Indiana.  This Matthew Davis guy looks acceptable, but I don't know if he has the charisma or the star power or the acting chops.
I just watched that film two days ago for the first time as well. Thought the bar scene and the opening scene were fantastic pieces of cinema. I couldn't really tell if the film wanted to be taken seriously or not though.
ELI5: Why do the most deep and profound conversations usually occur at night?
[Someone's gotta do it](http://i.imgur.com/l68dwjD.jpg)
I thought I was in /r/circlejerk for a second...
Ah, I see. Interesting, thanks.
Your butthole is ironic!
MRW My mom calls me for dinner but it's not ready yet
I know that photography can distort the image of the stars, but please tell me that's how it looks in person?
I often get these kinds of thoughts. I suddenly become aware of how easy it would be for me to just whip out my dick and rub it on random people.
Came here to say this, lol!
Here's the thing. You said a "black person is in prison." Is it in the same family? Yes. No one's arguing that. As someone who is a scientist who studies blacks, I am telling you, specifically, in Ebolatology, no one calls black people prisoners. If you want to be "specific" like you said, then you shouldn't either. They're not the same thing. If you're saying "negro family" you're referring to the taxonomic grouping of Niggerae, which includes things from niggers to negroes to lightskins. So your reasoning for calling a black person a prisoner is because random people "call the black ones prisoners?" Let's get sandniggers and mexicans in there, then, too. Also, calling someone a nigger or an ape? It's not one or the other, that's not how taxonomy works. They're both. A nigger is a nigger and a member of the negro family. But that's not what you said. You said a black person is a prisoner, which is not true unless you're okay with calling all members of the negro family niggers, which means you'd call lightskins, sandniggers, and other races prisoners, too. Which you said you don't. It's okay to just admit you're wrong, you know?