Video database of trips
[ID REQUEST] Mushrooms found by PA pond
I'm having fun on the road, and you should definitely tell us about your court story!
I'm very experienced with dph, especially high doses. As for hbwr, I've gone through about 100 seeds, so I'm sure I can offer some advice. With dph I've only noticed the body load take its form in the feeling of intense gravity. Aside from that it just makes me clumsy. With hbwr I didn't get either affect, but I got insane leg cramps a few times. As far as using them for sleep, I do have something to say. Dph is very good with that. Since I built up a tolerance I take about 200-300mgs for sleep, and get absolutely no hallucinations. It really just helps me feel sleepy, as well as keeps me sedated while trying to fall asleep which helps. As for hbwr, I tried taking high doses of that, close to 20 seeds each time. It completely changes the high at a dose like that. I went from euphoria to complete sedation. Almost every time I would be asleep within two hours of ingestion.   Edit: after rereading the question, I'll actually answer what you asked. For me, I don't trip until I hit about 600mg of dph. Between that and 900mg I just get a good fun high. Melting walls,  stuff like that. Above that is where I start getting fucked up thought loops and closed eye hallucinations, where I'm in a totally different place usually. Also I tend to black out after 1g and then wake up with no memory and weird little hints of the stupid shit I did around the house.   Lsa is touchy and varies trip to trip. I had an amazing trip on it once, I think around 14 or so seeds. I was so euphoric it was insane and I loved ever second of it. However, I've taken doses right around there other times that end up with nothing happening. I've also noticed that between 10-17 seeds is where I experience the worst cramping.   If you're looking for a solid definite high, I'd suggest dph. As long as you're familiar with what doses do what to you, as it varies person to person, you'll be fine. I've never experienced any negative side effects from it. I wake up refreshed the next day. Although, I do usually have shakey hands the next day after.
I found it right in the grass bordering the woods and there weren't any others near it. I'd say the stem was about as big as the palm of my hand, maybe a bit bigger and about as thick as a finger. I'll see if it's where I left it and take a picture with something to scale it.   Thanks for the help though, I've been looking online for a while now and haven't come up with anything.   Also, I looked up the megacollybia rodmani and it looks like that's it.   Edit: wow I was dead wrong on the size, I'll upload a better picture in a minute. I'm thinking you were definitely correct now.   Edit edit: http://imgur.com/a/MLneN
Ahh I actually didn't know that. Thanks for the heads up!
dt;aj
I actually did 700 last night (probably my tenth time on it) and it was bullshit. Or so I thought. Got the typical visuals, like wavy walls and the weird see through blobs. Didn't realize I was actively hallucinating until I would have a convo with a friend, turn around and then they'd just be gone. Worst part was when I decided to take a shower, started it up, and realized I didn't have a towel. So I go to my room to get it and totally forgot about the shower. 2 hours later I had to piss and was getting angry because my roommate was taking so damn long in there. Took me a good amount of time to realize was I did.
For me personally, music is what makes the trip. It's like the songs are unrecognizable, as they seem to slow down, and it also seems like extra layers are added that weren't there before. That's really the best way I can describe it, it's like the drug adds beautiful riffs that aren't there sober. As for artists, my go to trip albums always come from Floyd or the Grateful Dead. The solos become something amazing and special. Occasionally I'll listen to trap, but the best hallucinations I've gotten are with my two go to bands.
9:11 every day
I hope you die
Basically...
You!
What do I do now?   Well /r/leagueoflegends, I've been coming to you for most of my LoL questions for a while now, and I have another. I've been playing LoL for a year or two now. In that time I've extensively tried every position and a large portion of the champs, and still can't find anything I'm good at. I'm not horrible anywhere, but not good enough to consider it to be my thing. Should I just give up at this point? Because I don't really see any options when it comes to laning positions and champs
Just finished watching that episode 20 minutes ago XD
This was used in the SA forums when they created Slenderman. About a quarter of the way through page 10  http://forums.somethingawful.com/showthread.php?threadid=3150591 userid=0 perpage=40 pagenumber=10