Yup!
Is this the one I see around Ludlow all the time?
I never thought of that, I'm definitely going to have to try it. I have a few autocross mods for Race 07 and they just don't feel right. They seemed herky jerky and the cones make you jump I'd you hit them
Yeah Massachusetts represent!
Off the top of my head for the things that aren't pictured are, stainless steel braided brake lines, most of the emissions equipment is gone, heater and ac was removed, turbo S sway bars, and poly bushings. I'm pretty sure there's more stuff that I'm forgetting, but as for other mods, gutted interior, Autopower roll cage, Momo Daytona seat, Momo steering wheel, rebuilt calipers, stoptech rotors, Hawk HP Plus race pads, fiberglass header panel, and a custom billet shifter.
Uploaded
Labor Day weekend at Lime Rock
Damn it OP, it's gorgeous. The AW11 is on the top of my list for affordable dream cars.
Volvo wagons, and Subaru
Going by your name I assume you have a 951 track car. Got any pics?
I remember reading somewhere, the 25 year rule had to do with Mercedes. If I'm not mistaken, it had to do with buying car cheaper overseas and importing them, rather than buying directly from show rooms. And yeah, emissions and safety are a massive thing too.
You'll enjoy it, I'm really glad for you it worked out in the end. Post some pics when you get it.
What's with all the not silver 918s on here lately? Not in a bad way though, the Orange one that was posted here a couple days ago was fantastic.
Damn that sucks, I absolutely love it though. I can't tell you the last time I've ever seen one driving on the road. I basically restored it my freshman and sophomore year. When I first purchased it, it was red, broken into, rotted, smelt bad, and had the most disgusting interior ever. Bought 2 parts cars, swapped out all parts I needed, then sold the unwanted parts. It basically looks brand new now inside and out, and I'm only into it for a grand.
Wow... I really can't believe I didn't think of that, then again, that's what this subreddit is for, thanks!
Guards red