I think it was amazing, minus just a few tweaks. It was very moist while still holding a good shape. The only two things Id change were:  A.) add more lemon flavor than I did  B.) wait until the cake was completely cool to pour the frosting over so it didn't just roll down the sides.    Overall, great cake and definitely worth a try.  The sweetness of the cake was a great offset to the tart blueberries!
Thanks for the tip! I'll try that next time.
Guide to a Delicious Lemon Blueberry Pound Cake!
Hey! Crazy, I just saw this on my facebook feed this morning. It happened in a super small town in Georgia. That's awesome though, don't mess with off duty redneck fireman, you'll get rekt.
Very. She had diabeetus.
You should probably go to the doctor, pal.
I know that, it was just a joke.
Bruce Jenner's female name should've been Jenny Bruce.
No no I'm sure you do! I just haven't met many and those who are don't really seem to like to talk about it.
It's all good! It's related to my question and it is still very interesting!
LOL, this is fantastic. After that scene I could only picture that pitch as Don just picking up a gun and shooting himself in the face.
ELI5: Why are car year models a year ahead of the current year?   Example: the 2014 Honda Accord was sold in 2013
Zelda Wall Mural - all freehanded (WIP)
Wow dude, great job!! I frickin' love it!
Thanks! And I will most likely, these fuckers are just so butthurt.
Hey, girlfriend here. Thanks to you guys who defended me. When I handed this to him, I flat out told him that it wasn't my design, so I didn't pass it off as mine. Second, I did what I did out of love. I had an extra canvas and I knew he liked that poster, so I wanted to paint it because what does just buying a poster really say about how you care for someone. I had one day to do it, between work, school, and driving an hour each way to see him, and it's hard for me to be creative under stress. Because of that I didn't really have time to do my own design but I wanted him to have something I painted. So for the record, I fucking love that kid, and all this is meant to be is a gift :)