Oldest animal sperm found inside fossilized worm cocoon
Saudi Arabia has arrested 431 people suspected of belonging to Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) cells, and thwarted attacks on mosques, security forces and a diplomatic mission
Homosexuals can attend a Catholic family congress in Philadelphia during Pope Francis' U.S. visit this year but won't be allowed to use it to attack Church teachings, the city's archbishop said on Thursday.
[Picture of the shooter](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/CHxriIdUEAAmq6H.jpg:large)
Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis is being criminally charged for its "role in failing to protect children and contribution to the unspeakable harm" done to three victims of former priest Curtis Wehmeyer.
Top Gear stars Jeremy Clarkson, James May and Richard Hammond took a step closer to moving to ITV after it emerged the three presenters held talks with its programme chief Peter Fincham along with the shows former executive producer, Andy Wilman.
I think you are the one misleading people.  Your original comment makes assumptions that just aren't in the article.  *"OPs title says, "and it's now being tested" to MISLEAD people to believe that this is current. It is NOT.  This is a piece of evidence that they have had for many many months and have had ample opportunity to run all of the tests being discussed in this thread. It obviously led nowhere."*  You ASSUME (mislead) that the investigation of the moist towelette in question has concluded and has led nowhere, when the article just doesn't say that at all.
RIP
CDC: Atlanta lab worker may have come in contact with tiny amount of Ebola virus, person to be monitored for 21 days
[More](http://rt.com/usa/explosion-chemical-geismar-louisiana-647/): "An enormous explosion shook a chemical plant in Geismer, Louisiana just south of Baton Rouge on Wednesday. The blast was followed by a huge fire. Fatality numbers are unconfirmed, bit it is likely they are very high according to authorities."
[Hunters Discover Human Skull Under Dolly Parton Bridge](http://www2.wkrg.com/news/2013/feb/16/hunters-discover-human-skull-under-dolly-parton-br-ar-5611548/)
Caption: Opportunity's Eighth Anniversary View From 'Greeley Haven' (False Color)  This mosaic of images taken in mid-January 2012 shows the windswept vista northward (left) to northeastward (right) from the location where NASA's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity is spending its fifth Martian winter, an outcrop informally named "Greeley Haven."   Opportunity's Panoramic Camera (Pancam) took the component images as part of full-circle view being assembled from Greeley Haven.   The view includes sand ripples and other wind-sculpted features in the foreground and mid-field. The northern edge of the the "Cape York" segment of the rim of Endeavour Crater forms an arc across the upper half of the scene.   Opportunity landed on Mars on Jan. 25, 2004, Universal Time and EST (Jan. 24, PST). It has driven 21.4 miles (34.4 kilometers) as of its eighth anniversary on the planet. In late 2011, the rover team drove Opportunity up onto Greeley Haven to take advantage of the outcrop's sun-facing slope to boost output from the rover's dusty solar panels during the Martian winter.   Research activities while at Greeley Haven include a radio-science investigation of the interior of Mars, inspections of mineral compositions and textures on the outcrop, and monitoring of wind-caused changes on scales from dunes to individual soil particles.   The image combines exposures taken through Pancam filters centered on wavelengths of 753 nanometers (near infrared), 535 nanometers (green) and 432 nanometers (violet). The view is presented in false color to make some differences between materials easier to see.   Image credit: NASA/JPL-Caltech/Cornell/Arizona State Univ.
Caption: Testing NASA's Next Deep Space Vehicle  "5...4...3...2...1...release." With that countdown, the Apollo-like test article that is a base model for the agency's future Orion Multi-Purpose Crew Vehicle, took flight swinging across the sky -- nearing 50 mph (80.5 kph) -- at NASA Langley's Landing and Impact Research Facility.  Image Credit: NASA/Sean Smith
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a1Y73sPHKxw
If hypocrisy were illegal, think of all the politicians that would have to go to jail.  It's up to Americans to not re-elect the hypocrites.  Don't get me wrong, I don't condone what Spitzer did and I'm not saying that it wasn't hypocritical of him, but it is a sex "scandal."
By "make the world a better place," I assume you mean "make the world a better place for Halliburton and Exxon."  -- because that is what he has done, at our peril.    Where's OBL?