It's set up so it takes 1,000 years to mine. There was a pre-mine that was supposed to be set aside in a vault in Antarctica. More was to be used to purchase an office building. They had a bus tour scheduled in NY to scout out locations for their office tower. And users would be able to purchase oceanfront real estate near other like-minded Marinecoin faithful. Not sure whether this oceanfront RE was supposed to be in NY or Antarctica. The thing is, it wasn't a joke. When you talked to the people, they were dead serious...like a cult or something. It may still exist, I haven't heard lately.
Glad it's worked there. I'd be worried if some of the more profit-minded companies got into providing essential services. But if they can be content with a predictable, fixed return, then it can work. There certainly are some very greedy and poorly run utilities in various parts of this country.
PeerTracks is onto this and more.
Man takes dying dog on cross-country adventure
I agree with xeroc. And do your own research. If you're relying on forum posters to win you over with the best argument, that's an inferior way to inform yourself about important subjects. My answer: one relies on big wigs and bots; the other uses the free market to hold its peg in a decentralized exchange. To be fair, both are useful innovations.
Griffey must have been driven pretty hard. He was a 'can't miss' prospect from the time he was a kid; that's a lot of expectation for a young person. As warranted as the hype was in his case, it's never fair to do this to young people.
'Dying Light' special edition includes zombie-proof log cabin
The right GOP candidate in the general election is not the same GOP candidate who can win GOP primaries. One must be moderate, the other extreme (and borderline insane).   If Jeb Bush can suck up enough of the money early on, he could just say 'screw it' and run towards the middle right away. See what happens. I don't see them beating HRC with that far-right platform.
That all may be true. I was surprised Colletti lasted that long. But I don't think anyone in baseball has seen a roster quite like the Oakland A's had last year. The depth and versatility of those players at multiple positions was a step beyond the typical Moneyball team, which everyone else has caught onto. Both Beane and Forst have publicly credited Zaidi with a lot of their innovations in recent years. Now maybe he doesn't need to go to those extremes with a larger payroll (Zaidi has a healthy respect for traditional scouting also). We will see.
Wonderful! Looking forward to this.
Truly beautiful. I love the granite boulders.
You probably should look into the 2.0's then. I try not to be a BitShares shill, but if appreciation and potential are what you want, then a simple coin is nothing compared with putting businesses   banking on the blockchain. Look into NXT and Ethereum also.
Unfortunate. But I can't help wondering why some geniuses voluntarily remove their DNA from the human genetic pool.
Such a wonderful, articulate role model for our nation's youth. I understand the part about being an introvert, and he shouldn't really have to do these press conferences all the time, but...his business is entertainment and this is his brand. Rather than proving that he's an ass who cares mostly about himself, he could have used all that fine money for charity or something.
Gorgeous. According to landscape artist Francis McComas, Point Lobos features the "greatest meeting of land and water in the world".
I was hoping everyone would tell Boras to stuff it. This just encourages him to continue his ways. Apparently, they work.