Who the hell is that?
Wow, one of the first HD's I've seen in a little while that nails the bobber look to a T.  Congrats to your brother, very envious.  EDIT: Don't change a thing, it all looks great together.
Me Too!
Looking for a specific movie and can't remember the title.   The premise is a little to familiar but the movie itself was a lot of fun.  Came out recently in the mod-late 2000's.  Teenagers have to survive the night in a house but there's of coarse a curse that makes it difficult to survive.  The opening scene is in black and white and it's a bunch of witches dancing around a fire nude (of course).  The title of the film was only one word, possible had the word "The" I'm not including that.  Does anyone have any ideas what movoe I'm looking for?  It had an evil dead feel to it.
Be upfront and honest before hand.  Do what's natural.  Don't over think anything.  Sometimes don't think at all.  Have fun.  Be respectful.  Don't hurt yourself or anyone else. That's what I got for ya.
Yeah, I've heard.  And riding next them they sounded horrible.  Lots of creeks and squeeks.  One of the guys I rode out of Arlington TX with, his primary wasn't even properly aligned and he had no idea.  Couldn't figure out why it was so loud and squeeky  (more so than a normal 3 inch BDL, I'm aware they can be loud and slap a little)  He was another guy who loved bikes, had a ton of cash, but no actual working knowledge.  No judgement to the guy, but it's a bummer to see someone drop so much cash on something that wasn't built with any respect or love.  Even though the guy spent his $ at his own ignorance.
It's possible.  I thought the same.  The only reason a small bit of me was doubting it was a bot was the profile had 4 or 5 pics of the same woman, none of them professionally taken.  Most were solo pics, no selfies, only 1 or 2 with friends.  But fishy was the first thing I thought.  Also possible that it was a real person and just drunk late on a friday.  All of this started going on around 1am my time.
If you want to spend A LOT of time working on it and A LOT of money in machine shops to get proper parts made go for it, go for it.  I know this is absolute heresy in this sub, and I may be casted to HD Down vote hell, but a mid 70's Honda CB750 may be a better project bike if that's the style and era you're going for.
Please dear God let this be.  If this is a April fools joke or satire site I'll kick somebody's ass I tell you what.
Oh, thanks
Well I think it's gotten better. I think towards the beginning of cougar town she went overboard on the facelifts, her skin was frighteningly tight and unnatural.  I've seen her recently and she looking great.  True she's not the perky fox she once was, I'm just more for a more natural graceful aging, such as stated above with Jennifer Aniston
I've been in the craft beer business for a while.  I even worked for a brewery in Dallas for a few years.  The most aggravating thing was I had no coworkers who could just chill the f*"!k out on good, normal, well made craft beer.  Everyone had to have the biggest, rarest, most elaborate beer to find.  I love craft beer, and the industry.  Not everyone is a hipster, but unfortunately, they're there.
Very Interested, I live near GWB and Custer, I work at The Lakewood Brewery at Jupiter and 635, very close by, I'm interested in what you guys may have to offer.  I know I won't be the first one, but I don't have an athletic bone in my body, would like to turn that around
Drugs are a bad, bad thing.
nice, my buddies and I have worked with ghost peppers before.  We had a dick coworker who caused problems (we were all chefs in training) so we steeped ghost peppers in water and used that to make a dense gelatin and put his knives in it them set it in the cooler over night.  Highly recommend trying it some time.  But thanks, I'll have to check it out, I work right around the corner from there.  How many wings does one have to polish off?
My suggestion; post it on facebook and see if it gets taken down, your question will be answered