Could you please tell us what you've already played so that we know what games we should recommend? The obvious answer is The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt as it is over 200 hours long (as a user has stated before me). Arkham Knight isn't nearly as long, but still a respectable length. Halo: MCC is 4 games in one (5 if you buy [or receive for free if you played MCC around the month span after its release] ODST) with an addictive multiplayer. If you like racing games, Forza Horizon 2 is huge: I've played for God knows how many hours, and am only at 27% game completion.
The Place Beyond the Pines
It Follows because I'm scared
Wow. Jesus. This was a joke, believe it or not. I just wanted to say, "I just saw Dallas Buyers Club and think that Jared Leto is a great actor and cannot wait to see him play the Joker" without coming off as a Jared Leto fanboy. It might be just me, but I'd prefer to read a silly joke rather than "OMG OMG OMG Jared is like *such* a great actor and i *totes* CANNOT wait to see him play the Joker OMG he's also like super cute no homo."
The Hateful Eight (Quentin Tarantalino is always great), Southpaw (my Jakey Bear is starring), The Revenant (same director as Birdman, so I am very interested), Crimson Peak (del Toro haunted house film), Jane Got a Gun (it's Natalie Portman starring in a western)
lolwhut
Alrighty, then.
You forgot The Phantom Pain, brah
No, I'm not saying, "She deserves to be raped." I'm saying that it's laughable that a bunch of horny men starved for sex wouldn't try to rape her.
I don't care.  you could have just been indifferent  [lol](http://static.spin.com/files/styles/style820_546/public/120313-billy-corgan.png)
okay I honestly don't know what the fuck you mean by "rev up ketosis." stop. eat less than 20 grams of carbs a day and be sure to eat in a large calorie deficit. [Billy Corgan *will* know if you don't. He is watching.](http://vos.lavoz.com.ar/files/imagecache/lvivos_nota_652_366/nota_periodistica/13_Jun_2012_16_18_07_billy-corgan-2012.jpg)
[Music] If I like the album "Adore" by Smashing Pumpkins, what other songs would I like?
ok let's get this over with. my gamertag is Magoo Senior. I need this shirt because I love pugs and if I express my love of pugs I will most definitely get laid. I'm kind of broke so I can't buy it myself. A pug shirt would be a great conversation starter, and I am a very charismatic guy. I am quite handsome, but I need to work on my body. I used to be fat, so I have some loose skin. I probably need loose skin surgery, and I should start lifting again to look aesthetically pleasing to the ladies. I don't imagine that chicks like looking at underweight guys with tits.
The Witcher 3; Shadow of Mordor; Sunset Overdrive; Wolfenstein: The New Order (and The Old Blood); Borderlands: The Handsome Collection; the Metro Bundle
Thank you, my Son, for informing the Children of the Realm of the Garden of Men of this Atrocity. Father Magoo cannot keep all of His Children in line. It is too bad. I had high hopes that he would become a Magoo.   *Sigh*
The Creatine Monster   On a cold Friday afternoon, I had come home from school. I had been thinking of the gym all day. I was hungry, didn't have any lunch. In fact, I didn't eat because I spent the money. For the past month I was saving up for something. Something special which I bought at GNC. I was surprised they didn't ask for ID; I was pretty sure the cashier noticed how nervous I was. Anyways, my mom asked my how my day was when I got home, but I ignored her. I have more important things to do. I run to the bathroom and unpack my bag. In my school bag is a white plastic bag from GNC. I open the bag, first removing the receipt and flushing it down the toilet to get rid of the evidence. My heart was racing now. I unpack the creatine monster from the bag.  I wonder what people will be asking me when they see that I will be 50lbs heavier. Should I say I was just eating a lot? I remove the label from the tub and tear it into a thousand small pieces. I flush that down the toilet, too. It is time now. I run up to my room when my mom ask me what I am holding. I panic, sweat drips down my forehead and my teeth chatter. "Mom, it's just for a school project". "What project?" "I don't know mom I just started it!". A tear runs down my cheek. I run upstairs and open the creatine, scooping upservings into a clear water bottle. What have I gotten myself into? I fill it with water and drink it. There is no turning back now. The creatine monster is inside me now, it will control me. What should I do if I die? I cant let my family know about this.  I open the creatine tub and throw it all out the window; a white cloud of mysterious dust sparkles into the wind so graciously. I feel the substance taking control of me; I am now the monster. I walk downstairs, its time to work out; time to get big. Now I worry, I don't want to get too big; people will think I use steroids. I do use steroids. No I don't. Creatine. All I see is the weights now, I am almost downstairs when I hear "Do you want a cookie I just baked?" I know I do not have time for this shit now. "No mom I do not want a fucking cookie." I walk in the basement and drop to my knees before the weights, tears running down my cheeks. I turn to the right and look at myself in the mirror. Oh god, what have I done?