HEAD NIGGA IN CHARGE, for anyone who doesn't know  source: had a Trini boss who called himself that
doot doot
Cheers brother! And thanks for being the first to post. Hopefully we can help this sub grow and find like-minded redditors.
[Every time I see one of your comments.](http://i.imgur.com/NQHKSVE.gif)
So because other developers have done really cool stuff with a tiny budget, other developers should do that too? That doesn't make much sense, but ok. And how do you know it's not about funding the game? Can you provide a source for that, or are you just guessing because it looks like they're money grubbing whores?  If it wasn't for advertising, my industry would be dead because the money we make selling our product is JUST enough for us to make a new product every four months. That pain is shared by a LOT of others.
the fuck outta here with that weak ass frou frou bullshit. It's piqued.   http://grammarist.com/spelling/peak-peek-pique/
How did the invention of the Bermuda Rig in the 17th Century change the course of shipping, trade, and naval war?   My home of Bermuda is famous for a few things: shorts, that 2spooky4me eponymous triangle, and tax avoidance. But the biggest mark our tiny archipelago has made in the history books can be found in every marina across the globe: [the Bermuda Rig.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bermuda_rig)  The rigging allowed us, and subsequently the world, to sail upwind with precision around the reefs that claimed so many ships in years gone by. The design was so transformative, within a few decades of its popularisation, King Charles II would soon be sailing one.   A poem published by John H. Hardie in 1671 described Bermuda's boats such:    With tripple corner'd Sayls they always float,   About the Islands, in the world there are,   None in all points that may with them compare.  I've always been curious to know what the wider implications of the Bermuda Rig were in the world of sailing, beyond piracy and competition. Did the ability to sail upwind alter shipping routes, or naval war strategy?  I'd love to learn more about my island's sailing heritage, especially with the America's Cup World Series coming to our shores this October.
Here's the thing...
Not trivial at all, especially since the DP was [Shane Hurlbut.](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0403397/) So, not exactly like he's going to ruin the guy's career.  I've done really small time broadcast news, and I'd get super pissed if anyone, let alone the director of photography, was walking around in front of me during filming. Everyone knew not to do that.   How the fucking DP of a major motion film doesn't know that is actually pretty astounding.
I think it's pretty fucking stupid that Jesus needed to roll a giant rock out of the way to escape the tomb when he has teleportation powers, but you bet your ass I'll be chompin down on some candy bunnies this weekend.
Yeah... I get that my comment came across that way. But there are a lot of circumstances to my personal relationship and how it ended that has resulted in me being a lot more judicious with who invest myself emotionally in. No sense going into them, this isn't /r/relationships, but for clarity's sake it's not my trust in women that has gone specifically, it's the realization that the person I choose to give myself to wholeheartedly can at any given moment turn around and leave me with my dick in the wind. I doubt that person would ever be a man, so it's not a leap to say that relationship has left me wary of any woman I should want to spend my life with.
1 + X = 2. Assuming X = 1 is not exactly rash.  It's not prejudicial to assume that if a Muslim commits an act of mass murder, especially in the West, it's usually in the name of ideology. And when it comes to killing people with planes, it's not like there isn't a history. It's irresponsible to use a label such as terrorist without knowing the motive, absolutely, but questioning whether an act of violence was ideologically motivated these days is only natural.   Just to be clear, I lived for three years with kids from Jordan, Saudi Arabia, and Iran. Some of the best friends I ever had. I'm not trying to shit on Muslims. Hell, the most devout Muslims I met were the most morally upstanding people I have ever come across.
Spot on. I've had a handful of crashes, all but one of them have been because of someone else in a car. The one that wasn't, I ran over a nail that popped my tyre. I've got a theory that a lot of road accidents could be avoided by less restrictive speed limits, and the same logic applies to riding vs driving. In a car it's easy to switch off because of the feeling of security a car provides. If you're on a bike, you're acutely aware that you could go flying 50 feet in the air and land in a ditch if anyone makes a wrong move. Now who is going to be the more cautious driver?
In novel writing this would apply. Depends on whether you want to go down in history or make a buck. As a reporter, you're doing it for the history. You are providing your society with a fair and accurate account of events (ideally). You have no place in deciding what the people want. I've published a few big stories in my time and they've resulted in fundamental, tangible change for the better. But you can bet your ass I was dragged through the coals for it.
wow. you DO realize that hasn;t been taken away. like. at all. right?
Yep. Got detention as a kid for using it in that context. Didn't know it had an alternate meaning, so naturally the teacher wasn't too please I called him queer.