Afters ice cream!
Recipe?
Looking for good bakery!   I'm trying to order a birthday cake for my boyfriend and was hoping to find a good place around the OC. Any suggestions?
I'm sad I missed this :( taste of anything are the best events :)
First time Craigslist buyer, need some advice!   I'm trying to buy a car and I'm looking at ads on Craigslist, would you recommend I buy a used car on Craigslist or is it a bad idea? I've found a car I would really like but I'm afraid that it's a bad idea.
AT T HTC One M7 stuck on 4.1.2, can't update it!   I just bought the phone off someone and the software is still at 4.1.2. I tried to manually update it from the RUU provided by HTC website but my phone gets stuck at the 'loading bootloader' and causes the phone to disconnect from my laptop, ending the updating process. On top of that it gets stuck on a black screen that just says HTC and the only way to restart the phone is by pressing power and volume down button. Is there a way to fix it or something or am I doomed to forever use 4.1.2 (I had Verizon's HTC One M7 at 4.4.2 and I love the UI and the personalization feel of it)  Note: Phone is not rooted or anything
New player, need help!   I recently started playing Crusader Quest about less than a week ago and I already have a 5* No. 9 and a 4* Alex, I heard about the Alex/Susanoo/No. 9 combo and I'm almost there.... problem is that every time I promote a warrior, I get Joan. Four promotes in and all I've gotten is Joan. I pulled Joan from a Premium too. Do the RNG gods hate me or.... is this some secret bug or something :( or is this really normal??
It was Berkeley. [it all makes sense now!!!] -Someone from Oakland.
Gifted my boyfriend two teemo skins... He hates me and our relationship is in ruins. Thanks teemo
THANK YOU! I didn't know which kind of tutorial video to watch :(
assassin master yi
Crystal invokation problems   My last four invokations were all Noel, The Puppeteer. Is my luck that shitty or are invokations lies :( My SO got Noel too, as well as my 'other' account.   It seriously sucks that I haven't gotten anything other than Noel
UC Irvine doesn't have a football team...
thank you!
he IS SudokuDennis
Taste the rainbow...?