Probably. This is 2 levels above 'Hot'. It's pretty crazy. My lips burned for a while, started sweating and it gave me random hiccups. Pretty sure it's Cayenne and Ghost Pepper.
Last week at Hattie B's here in Nashville their hottest called 'Shut The Cluck Up' http://imgur.com/yzcjRVW
How Hot Chicken Really Happened
Clarification: The optional F2 ProCharger head unit is capable of supporting 1600HP. Not sure if the internals are rated to handle 1600HP BUT it is a low compression, all forged rotating assembly from the factory.
Happy Independence Day Fellow American Gearheads
This Week in America
Today on Hot Rod Power Tour I saw a Ford GT cleverly disguised as a classic 1960's Mustang (photos)
Not racing. I'll be long hauling though. Look for this truck http://imgur.com/kBxvkld
Maybe it's an improvement over a stock Dart?
Something I've never been able to find online and I don't think it's on the DVD's either is a sketch from HBO's late 90's 'The Chris Rock Show' called "Explosions". It was a parody of disaster movies like Armageddon or The Core where random explosions are happening all over the World and Chris Rock plays the president. At one point he yells at his cabinet saying something like "We gotta do something about these explosions!" And it was just hilariously perfect. But it seems to be nowhere on YouTube, however his similar fecal themed disaster movie trailer "Shitstorm" (which may have inspired "Sharknado" for all we know) is relatively easy to find.
I dig it. Gonna drop my GMT 400 Tahoe Limited soon. Needs shocks and bushings anyway
Good Meowning Friends   Coffee Cat Friends
He's clearly trolling and knows his audience (American dudes). But I think he's confident that they're going to go head to head with Germany this generation.
Exactly. Sure he's funny and makes good television but he's a big ugly bigoted asshole baby. You can't drop the N word on camera, incite a near riot in a foreign country, and beat up your producer in the span of a few months and expect to remain employed by a state run television network.
How U Doin?
That's a great find. E Pluribus Anus!