[ABC](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-07-10/suspicious-package-found-in-melbournes-cbd/6610776) got on this one fast
Dont get me wrong, it's a good cause and I'm all for it, it's just that there might be better subs to post this, or not I dont know.  I just like to be annoying.   Carry on.
No it really doesnt, this screams publicity.   His agent probably heard the news of the guy and his Gosling cereal shtick and how he'd just died. Then he would have noticed an overwhelming demand for Gosling to respond..  Ask8ng him to jump on the bandwagon to keep socially relevant by pandering to the Internet crowd. People love a celebrity who "cares".  Character would have been if he had recognized the dude existed  and done this before the he kicked the bucket .
I'm level 59 and lost 75k odd last night, didnt even care. I can beat the enemies in the area easily and more than likely the upcoming bosses at my current level.  You get to a point where collecting echos becomes secondary, it's all about advancing.   When you hit a wall and feel you cant advance then yeah, you start to farm again.
Heh, this morning I posted saying you can farm him for these and got downvoted.  And here we are with a vid to back it up. Thanks man.
And rightly so.
Fathers Linguine.
A portable outhouse toilet seat?
Nice work man, would work well as a custom game case cover, so... if you do an accompanying piece that would work as the back of the case... *knudge knudge, hint hint*  Also, reminds me of the old "X of the living dead" movie posters.
I'd say it's like I Am Legend, as they started off as mindless grunts killing and eating everyone.. But given enough time they evolved/changed to become the dominant life form and created their own social structure etc.  So yeah, you could be right. Some of the long time turned carry and use weapons, they also have ability to "change" back into Virals.   That and when they "evolve" into other forms they seem to retain some form of self preservation and higher cognitive function.
They screwed up the licenses, some people are claiming they uploaded the wrong version on the game onto the PSN.  For those that pre-ordered some could download/pre-load it fine, others it would only download the DLC and others couldnt download anything at all and got a message "no content found, search the playstation store?"  There are two fixes available to get around this though, the first it set the PS4 as your primary then go to the PSN store website on your computer.  First remove Dying light from your pending download list then re-add it. It should then push it to your PS4 to download.  If this doesnt work it's because you've got the "wrong version".  You can see which version you have based on the icon you have in your games list, if Orange... you have the wrong version/license. You need to have the Black hands one.  On your PS4 download / purchase something free, like a theme. After you have done this you will notice the icon for dying light will have changed from the orange one to the black one.  After that repeat step one from the PSN store website.  Basically someone somewhere screwed up and Sony refuse to acknowledge it.
[Had to do the obvious one](http://i.imgur.com/of7fLoP.jpg)
Thats not a cat... [it's a tiny seal!](http://i.imgur.com/AUKjrTE.jpg)
Yeah I got bored of it after a couple of hours. Beat it a few times with different characters, tried out a bit of the items and combinations, did a few of the challenges... But it got old rather fast.  I'll go back to it every now and then I guess as it's still a fun time killer.
Looks to be the same size, full version should be an unlock.
RE: Movie Night!   Howdy again all,  Since my last attempt at a movie night failed miserably, thought I'd try again this weekend.  Aaaaaand it also turns out this Friday is Friday the 13th, if no one has any plans(curse you folks who know of the dress up parties) I propose a horror movie marathon! Same details as before, location is central east perth, 2 couchs that should seat about 6, bottle store across the road, bring your own snacks (though pizza being delivered is a very likely possibility)  Basically looking to have a few people over, drink and watch bad movies till he early hours. Bonus points for keeping the neighbours awake as well.  If interested send me a message, oh and if not enough people show interest I'll call it off and also stop asking haha. (hoping for at least 3 to 4 people to make it entertaining)