When you mad that you won an invasion...   So I decided to cap this character just before 2m soul memory to perpetually help with Velstadt because he's my favourite boss. I'm at around 1,980,000 SM with just enough souls to buy the agape ring (first mistake) and for some reason I stupidly decided to leave Staids bonfire unlit this playthrough (second mistake) so i'm making my way over from the one in Sinners Rise. I get invaded by some guy, and not wanting to go over 2M, I plan to let him win. Only as soon as I gesture, he just runs straight off the cliff. Like he knew.   Anyway, [this](http://i.imgur.com/CQ8AY5t.jpg) is what I was left with after the smoke cleared. _  TLDR: Ill-timed suicidal invader messed up my whole playthrough plan just by diving off a ledge.
LOL
YES
I agree.
First off just let me say that I love Adam Beyer as a DJ and I listen to his radio show every week. He throws a great party and his mixes are legendary. However, as a label, he and his fellow artists' releases are just very predictable and similar. Sure I love the Drumcode sound, but it's definitely a formula they rarely deviate from whereas other labels are constantly trying to evolve their sound. Plus like someone else said, time and a place. People on this sub want the gems and rare tracks, not something they can easily find on a top 100 list on Beatport.
http://i.imgur.com/auqJJ2V.png
It is
Gargoyle bike is tight
I disagree and personally hope this completely ruins her career. She straight up roasted that woman, that's the kind of shit that makes depressed people go home and off themselves. If only more rampant bitches were forcibly humbled like this maybe the world wouldn't be such an intolerable place for all us "regular folk."   Not even on my worst day ever would I resort to that kind of language and behaviour, and i'm just a nobody college student not some professional whose entire image is based on public perception. If she was really half as smart and savvy as she's convinced she is she'd have never acted that way to anyone, ever..
First play-through I was having trouble up until Anor Londo. Then once I got to the big ol sunny city everything just clicked and I was taking out those giants and gargoyles like nothing. Farmed the painted world for little while and got a bunch of levels, got lucky and killed S O second try, smooth sailing from there on.  Now in NG+ I'm back in Anor Londo and S O are making me their bitch.
A good chunk of the world still has trouble feeding themselves.. This idealistic article fails to take into account that this technology will only be available to a relatively small percentage of wealthy people with expendable time and income, generally first world countries. Sure it's gonna be awesome for those who can afford it, but it's likely not going to stop any ideological wars in chaotic countries that don't even have adequate basics such as food, shelter, etc.
If I had a dollar for every person i've heard say "DJs only press play" but couldn't tell me the first thing about what the mixer does...  Obviously there are fake/"unethical" DJs, but people act as though there's this race of magical mix-elves who pre record everything for the DJs and then they just have to go up on stage and hit play.
Great setup man! love the baman/piderman sticker haha.. nice touch.
Nice! I was impressed and then I saw the pano and now i'm really impressed. I too hope to someday have a big 3 desk setup just like this for mixing, production and gaming respectively. Also I didn't know people stream their studio sessions on Twitch, good to know..
Sorry if this has already been posted and sorry for the quality of the video (There are newer uploads but the original is the only one with english subtitles - plus the shitty translation adds to the humour imo)  Anyways one of my earliest and best stoner memories is getting high for one of the first times and then stumbling across this video with a friend. Since we were both kinda nerdy we understood most of the references and sound clips, and it just made for an awesome random experience when I was young and new to the herb. Germans and I would get along apparently.
Thanks man! I appreciate it. :)