What's the point of having it operate so differently on this one subject?  Who's going to decide what's important enough for threads like this and what isn't?  This defeats the purpose of the way reddit operates.  If I wanted randomized, I'd choose randomized.  I cannot tell what's new and what isn't.  I prefer it the regular way.  If I get overburdened with content of one kind or another I just scroll down and skip it.  This takes away choices and I do not support it.
One that sticks out in my mind is "Flawless" with Robert De Niro and Philip Seymour Hoffman.  PSH was exquisite in his role as a transwoman.  That's when I really took notice of him and became a fan.
Personally, I don't run into it at all, even though I'm from a fairly conservative area in N.C.  For the most part, people respect others for who they are and don't worry about sexual preferences.  I don't give it a first thought, let alone a second.  I'd be offended if someone asked me such a personal question.
Nothing else, just football.
I've been on reddit a long time and I don't believe I have ever seen this question asked before.  If I had one, I'd use that invisible hand to scratch my back anytime I wanted and I'd also use it to poke people in the back of the head without them knowing it was me.
Put some pretty food pics in the local newspaper.  Browse /r/FoodPorn for good ideas.  I want to go somewhere and spend my money for people to cook beautiful, tasty, makes-me-want-to-eat-it-right-this-minute food.
A good question for /r/TrueAskReddit.
That depends on who you ask.  I'm not for or against the man, but I believe he's reneged on many promises and expectations he cultivated for himself to get support.  He seems to be more pro-govt. and corporations than he is pro-Americans.  He promised an open presidency and whistleblower protections, among other things, only to have gone back on these promises.  Here's a 6 page list of the broken promises he's made:  http://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/promises/obameter/rulings/promise-broken/
From this website:   http://www.space.com/12968-bright-green-fireball-meteor-amazes-southwest.html  Comes this quote regarding the color:  "The brilliant fireball glowed with a blue green tint, according to eyewitnesses. This coloring is likely due to the space rock's chemical makeup  specifically the presence of nickel or magnesium in its composition", Yeomans said. [Fallen Stars: A Gallery of Famous Meteorites]
I have two stories.  My sister once darted out into the road and was hit by a car.  I watched my dad woosh! over to it, pick that car up by himself and pull that child out.  She ended up with only a broken arm and he had a bit of trouble with his shoulder for a few days.  The other incident with her and my dad: she'd taken her aquarium into the bathtub to wash it(?) while he and I were outside throwing the ball around.  All of a sudden my mom let out a blood-curdling scream and, whoosh!, he was inside that bathroom, whipped off his belt and applied it as a tourniquet around her slashed up arm because she'd dropped it and it broke.  That man could move so fast he was a blur sometimes.
That account has a very long and colorful history on reddit.
[Nanomedicine](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nanomedicine)   and,   [In March 2012 the Russian defense minister Anatoli Serdjukov said:     The development of weaponry based on new physics principles; direct-energy weapons, geophysical weapons, wave-energy weapons, genetic weapons, psychotronic weapons, etc., is part of the state arms procurement program for 2011-2020"](http://www.globalresearch.ca/psychotronic-and-electromagnetic-weapons-remote-control-of-the-human-nervous-system/5319111).
Nah, it'll get here soon enough on it's own, whether I want it to or not.
Stop reading the news.  Just stop yourself from receiving all the negative input that we're bombarded with every single day.  It can become overwhelming.  Take a vacation from it.  Knowing all the bad things going on in the world serves no practical use in our everyday lives.  Put yourself to some good use. Volunteer somewhere, take a class at college just because you like the subject. I don't know, just do some things that you enjoy.  Now, about death; it doesn't matter that we're all going to come to the end of this existence, what matters is that you're here now and you got the opportunity to live, love, do, go and just be.
It's huge, it's beautiful, the food is great and plentiful, I can work where I want to, be with whoever I want, come and go when I please and I can live without fear today, unlike so many people in the world.
I'm not pontificating, I'm a grandparent who's cared for too many foster kids because of dads who didn't want to be dads.  I've far more real experience than you do, I'd bet. It's been my experience that it can go either of two ways; either he bonds with the newborn within a few days, or he does not.  If he does not, the child suffers and so does the mother since she's constantly having to make up for his lack of participation or, sometimes, abusive behaviour.  I'm sure there are some marriages that survive, but at what cost to the innocent child?  If you don't want to be called  daddy or won't step up for your own offspring, don't make someone else pay for it.