Bernie Sanders Is Turning Crowds Into Volunteers in Iowa: Clinton is still better organized here, but Sanders is staffing up and building an infrastructure to support his surprising insurgent campaign
Infuriated by a U.S. Supreme Court ruling that kept President Barack Obamas healthcare program intact, conservative activists and Republican presidential candidates vowed on Thursday to make the role of the high court a central issue in the 2016 presidential election
The European Central Bank should not provide stop-gap financing to Greece even if the debt-wracked country does reach a deal with its creditors, one of its governing council members, Jens Weidmann, said on Thursday
Former top U.S. officials can be held liable for the abuse of hundreds of detainees rounded up after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks for minor immigration violations, a federal appeals court said Wednesday, citing the importance of the rule of law even in times of crisis
A Texas company whose ruptured pipeline created the largest coastal oil spill in California in 25 years had assured the government that a break in the line while possible was "extremely unlikely" and state-of-the-art monitoring could quickly detect possible leaks and alert operators, documents show
They have little recourse if they are not willing to play hard ball. Every bill needs to have an amendment added to it to block the house SS change. Those not willing to vote to go back to the old rules should be made to pay at the voting booth.
Thanks for the heads up.
I was out of work for a year in an industry which was consolidating. Yes i networked and even move to another city where I had more contacts. I was a finalist for two jobs and both fell through.   I did stay in the job and remain there. I now make more than the minimum wage.  I find your questions having to justify my existence demeaning and insulting.
All well and good if both sides have the money to get their message across. However, when those making false statements can outspend those with the truth by 10, 20 or a hundred times there is a need for the government to intervene.
A 2,000-year-old stonemasons chisel that may have been used in the construction of Jerusalems Western Wall has been unearthed at the bottom of the structure along with a number of Second Temple-era objects, claims an Israeili archaeologist  This is the lead paragraph of the story. The headline does not match the story.
It seems like you don't understand that you are a controversial figure. The way to back down the rhetoric is not to want to lead every subreddit in which your name is mentioned.   You mod enough communities to gain experience. You do not need to add another one to your belt.   Other communities may not mind you but there are a significant number that do. But if all you want is a fight then continue to demand to be added to this and every other subreddit that disagrees with you.
Are the down votes based on people thinking this story is blogspam? The [original Dallas Morning News story](http://www.dallasnews.com/news/politics/headlines/20140106-ted-cruzs-dad-backs-tea-partier-katrina-pierson-for-sessions-seat.ece) is not very informative either. The Post story adds some context but neither piece will win a Pulitzer.
I doubt that the victims of unsolved murders are 50/50 White and African American since the majority of murder victims are people of color.   You seem to be justifying the disparity in solved vs. unsolved cases. When you see a racial disparity our first instinct should be to see these differences in light of our history of racism. What I am seeing in this discussion is an attempt to justify the facts by blaming the victims.
I'm not questioning if there could have been a stable political structure built in Iraq. However, if you break it you ought to fix it. That is why the US invasion of Iraq was a fool's errand from the beginning.
Nothing in that statement is even slightly factually unsound. Yet this kind of statement gets you labelled a 'denier' in the same vein as a holocaust denier? Can't you see that it's this shit right here that turns so many people against the climate debate?  [Most people are not against climate change science.](http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2013/nov/13/climate-change-red-state-opinion-america-study)
I"m sorry if it seems like I was singling you out. I was making a point to a large number of responses I had to that post both publicly and privately. I understand that you can still post, read and vote on r/politics after you unsubscribe. The act of unsubscribing says to the mods that they are winning by driving out the undesirable elements. By staying we say we will not be driven out by your arbitrary actions meant to drive away progressives.