That's also true. But even if was found to be true I would hardly call gaining 4.4 lbs "becoming fat".
Win rate doesn't matter really. Ago is the rider with the most wins followed by Rossi.   The trouble with saying "talent" is that it's really subjective. Races won is really the only metric that we can use. And it's what counts in racing.
I disagree. I'm in San Diego and I can be on pretty quiet roads in less than an hour.  edit: autocorrect
We seem to be on a good upward trend. Interesting (but not surprising) just how many breweries we had in 1873.
What are your goals? Do you have a program or are you winging it?
Traffic isn't that bad. I work in Mission Valley but live just east of there and traffic isn't bad. I used to live in Little Italy and East Village and the traffic wasn't bad at all heading to work. It's nothing at all like LA or New York.   Groceries aren't that bad and there are a LOT of small markets (shop in the Vietnamese or Mexican markets for cheap produce).  Don't forget that your utilities will drop. We don't need heat for most of the year (I think I've had it on once this winter) and you don't really need AC.
I got a lot stronger doing madcow after stronglifts.  Don't forget that there's two variables at play. Volume is one of them but intensity is another. With Madcow you're mixing your intensity around while maintaining your volume.   The truth is that you're going to make gains regardless of the program you choose simply because you're new at the game.   Madcow (and other intermediate program) is really for when you've stalled at linear progression.  Oh, I would suggest that you man up a bit. This stuff never gets easier. I would go as long as you can with linear progression until it no longer works. Have you stalled on SL?
I can't imagine the guilt that he must feel for laying these. But he's saved lives by removing them and I hope that gives him peace.
Belts aren't there to be comfortable. There's nothing comfortable about them which is why they get put on for the lift and taken off right after.  I much prefer a lever belt to a prong. If you've got wraps on as well as a belt the last thing you want to do is struggle with your belt while the wraps are cutting off your circulation. It's just a lot easier for me to use a lever belt in general.  I've never heard anyone shatter a lever and would love to talk to the person who had this happen.
Top disproportionately common names by profession
Wow, what a great find! Those images are breathtaking.
The source for the boundaries seems to be this:  http://publications.newberry.org/ahcbp/downloads/united_states.html
Stunning example. Yours?
I still don't think that it could penetrate the side. Armor thickness only describes part of the characteristics of modern armor. Modern armor isn't just steel like tanks of old.   If it hit the rear then I could imagine it could disable it.  But, as mentioned below, there's little chance of a WW2 tank getting the draw on a modern tank with it's sophisticated targeting systems.
I've been watching the BBC show "Copper". It's a good crime drama set in NYC during the Civil War.   http://www.imdb.com/title/tt2006374/  I watched the WWII drama "Generation War" and really liked it as well. It's a three part series with each episode running approx 90 minutes.  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1883092/  Both are avail on Netflix streaming.
It's not creepy if you just give advice then back off. You could say something like "I've done the same thing, what worked for me was to lower the hooks".  For the record, I back into the bar too depending upon the rack I'm using because I hate looking into the mirror.