Hospital: Boy's controversial circumcision did not happen at Joe DiMaggio Children's - WPEC-TV CBS12 News
Bergen Father Fights To Get Daughter Back After Wrongful Prosecution
Mother sobs as she is 'bullied' into signing court agreement allowing her four-year-old son's circumcision after spending week in jail for kidnapping him in bid to stop surgery
Two schoolgirls abused by 60 men in Aylesbury child sex ring, court hears
I think I finally met a Tory politician I like.  Same here, though the problem is that he's very much a Tory rebel rather than the norm. I expect he'd be popular with the grass roots of the party, the problem is that those in charge are mostly nothing like him really.   The fact that they've got one really good MP doesn't really make the rest of them any less shitty and out of touch with reality (though it does help a little that he's got a position of at least some importance).  It's also noteworthy that Raab has barely mentioned gender issues in the 4 years that have passed since he made these comments. I guess the various attacks from Labour, the BBC and the left are quite effective at silencing people from speaking uncomfortable truths.
Note that they also rigged most of the questions so they were about women's issues, therefore preventing J4MB from discussing its manifesto.  They also held a second (mixed gender) debate in the constituency of the second J4MB candidate, though they didn't actually bother to invite him to take part! (and he's their best speaker)  **Therefore the BBC has completely banned men in from any interaction whatsoever with the only men's party in the UK.**  The BBC is funded by a compulsory licence fee, and as a result is duty-bound to be impartial. What they have done breaks countless BBC editorial guidelines and it's blatantly obvious that they have directly interfered in the apolitical process and attempted to sabotage the campaign of a party who's views they disagree with.  Some email addresses for complaints      sarah.julian@bbc.co.uk (the presenter)     pete.saull@bbc.co.uk (the other guy helping out)     mike.bettison@bbc.co.uk (BBC Nottingham editor)     philip.chapman@bbc.co.uk (BBC Nottingham editor)     David.Holdsworth@bbc.co.uk (in charge of all local radio)  You can also make a formal complaints here: http://www.bbc.co.uk/complaints/complain-online/  Tweets can be sent to @BBCNottingham  (the info you will need to fill in is that the broadcast was at 6pm on 23 April on BBC Radio Nottingham)   Update: full breakdown of events prior to broadcast from J4MB:  https://j4mb.wordpress.com/2015/04/22/bbc-radio-nottingham-anti-male-bias/   You can listen to the full "debate" here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hKjIpu30_AE
How authoritarian activists are censoring Twitter
Hateful bigots always pretend it was all a big joke when their conduct is exposed, it's a standard defence. Furthermore, I've already uncovered a further misandrist Tweet posted on the same day by the same individual. She isn't fit to be on any Lib Dem committee, and most certainly not ones aimed at opposing discrimination.  And without wanting to defend any abuse received, if you punch someone in the face then you can expect to get punched back. Hatred simply breeds more hatred.
Firstly, he discounts the fact that some women aren't permitted to use mixed gender spaces due to religious and cultural restrictions  Those same restriction also apply to men of that religion though, and no religion has vastly more females than males.   Secondly, he assumes that a gym membership fee somehow equates to a fixed number of hours of usage of the gym.  it's not hours of usage, it's about access. If the council were truly taking gender issues into consideration they'd see that men die earlier than women and thus exercise is crucial in combating this disparity. They'd also know that men work longer hours than women and commute longer distances and therefore have the most severe restrictions on when they are able to go to the gym. If the gym are then making this problem even worse for so many men, then it's discrimination twice over.   If he's not going to sue for his right to use the kiddie pool   Actually some pools have banned fathers with children from kiddie pools in the past but not mothers. I'd hope they get sued too.
I remember seeing the woman behind this "Freedom Programme" about 5 years ago on the BBC. She was completely obnoxious, in denial about male victims of abuse. It wasn't an interview they were doing, just a debate, yet she plugged her stupid business at every opportunity as if it were a cure for cancer. I'll see if I can find a clip.
He was banned for expressing concerns about his son's education. Schools are notoriously anti-male and it's noteworthy that they'd illegally ban him from the school rather than actually address his concerns. His concerns pertained to a child with a particular condition heavily associated with being male too, so that's a third possible level of relevancy.  Hard to tell exactly how much of an men's rights issue it really is without more detail though.
Some good points so far, although more suggestions for actual policy ideas or just subtle tweaks would be useful too.  I think a few people slightly misunderstand where J4M B are coming from here. From the look of things, they're not in the business of biting their tongue and glossing over uncomfortable issues. They're certainly getting noticed and the manifesto is quite impressive in its use of sources and academic studies to make a case.  I think the sort of feedback they're looking for more than anything is in relation to actual science/statistics, not to mention people suggesting solutions to issues. Therefore if you do have comments it would be wise to back them up with sources/stats, otherwise I doubt you'll change anything.  J4M B do seem fairly radical in their positions and I don't see any problem with that - for the most part that's entirely necessary at present (for example , the moderate fathers groups achieved almost thing for some 30 years until Father4Jsutice put father's rights on the map). What J4M B do need to ensure is that every single argument they make is  intellectually bomb-proof, every proposal is entirely feasible, and that the document si completely consistent and considers any possible drawbacks of the proposals.
The UK has provided some of the most important and groundbreaking groups/individuals in the history of the men's rights movement.  - Fathers4Jusitce forced the current debates on shared parenting and the right for children to see their fathers.  - Justice for Men and Boys, One of the few men's political parties.  - Erin Pizzey, founder of the world first domestic violence shelters, who now condemns the misandry of the very organisations she founded.  - Neil Lyndon, the author of the first modern, egalitarian critiques of feminism.
I don't really see this as a men's rights issue at all, there's so many other big stories about men's issues around right now so we shouldn't up vote this.  If there are bored feminists out there wanting something to protest against, then its far better they go after this guy instead of using violence and hate speech to try to silence good guys like Warren Farrell.
if someone is alleged to have been a victim of a rape then it follows that there also has to be the perpetrator of the rape in question. The BBC is showing extreme bias in labelling someone on trial for false rape accusations as an alleged "rape victim"
"If you google 'news father BBC'" Yes if you do that I'm sure you're right, not sure what your point is though. I didn't Google anything, i just visited the BBC website and found a story on the main news page.  TBH it's not a particularly well written piece as it doesn't use any scientific terminology to describe what had occurred so it's certainly not one of my best link submissions by any means.  i've already explained my interest in male domestic violence victims and how that stems from the almost total lack of support they receive. therefore we've already established why I don't tend to contribute the type of material you highlight. I've also answered your question about what would happen if the roles were reversed, can you maybe read my answer instead of taking us round in circles?