A whole new wooooorrld!!!
Thank you! :D
I used to spew fatlogic a few years ago. I reasoned that I only eat three times a day, normally skipping breakfast and eating only one snack for the day. Oh and liquids can't have that many calories because I just have to pee it all out in a few minutes, right? Especially alcohol! It wasn't until I downloaded the My Fitness Pal app that I realized just how many calories I had been consuming. Now I eat what my body needs and run almost everyday. Good bye JennIsFat, and hello train_subject2843! [fat to fit!](http://imgur.com/GJc7d2s)
Aw! I remember when you posted his puppy pictures! He's gotten so big! I love his markings.
It sure is! Good eye!
Fantastic! Might I add, you have the 'smolder' down pat. Ha!
Oh wow, hi! Haha! That sounds like so much work. I haven't shaved my legs in a week (but my leg hair is super fine and blonde too, so it's really hard to see) because I have super sensitive skin and I tend to break out. I tried the veet strips and had welts for over a week. I've never used an epilator before, it sounds painful.   Anyways, you look amazing and thank you so much for responding to me and for the kind words! :D
This picture made me an emotional wreck. :,(
Is that a type of food? I plan on mostly eating local food while I'm there, but I'm going for Muay Thai fighting with my husband. We will be just outside of Chiang Mai, in a village called San Kam Phang. We hope to stay for a year or two. My husband wants to become a legit Muay Thai fighter, I'm just going to train at the gym. I also want to get into the gem trade over there. I'm a big mineral collector.
I switched birth control. Went form a low estrogen one to a high estrogen one and my body had to adjust.
I've been called a skinny bitch by at least 5 women. Some times it's comes off as,"Haha! You're such a skinny bitch." But I had one woman who walked away from me and told her friend on the phone that I was a skinny bitch because I didn't interrupt her while she was checking out. All of my friends are really supportive and I've made quite a few new friends too. Coworkers were the worst, they were the petty women who told me I was just going to gain all the weight back and then some. And now that I'm more confident, I talk to more people. I always remember the nasty ones more though. I'm the awkward girl who waves at every passing car and says good morning to everybody. I said good morning and smiled to this lady leaning against her car as a ran past yesterday, and she just glared at me. I'm telling you what I've experienced, maybe it's different for you, and that's pretty cool. Maybe I should come move to your town! Haha!
I was just there for a new fitting a few months ago and I bought two new bras that are amazing. I'm not wearing either in the picture I took today though. :/
I'm 5'6 1/2". Gotta add that half in there. Haha. What's really weird, is when I was big, I was taller. I was 5'8" according to my doctor for about four years.
It took a year for the first 70, and I've been toning and working on my distance running this year, and I've dropped another ten. Thank you!
I recycled some pop tabs and crocheted this water bottle cozy. I didn't use a pattern, I just sort of played with it until it worked.
Then why isn't my hair moving?