Snarky? Matt isn't snarky. Well, maybe in the Waid run.  I love Daredevil because he's had some of the best character work in modern comics. Over a decade he slowly had a massive mental breakdown due to the death of a loved one and the outing of his secret identity. The Bendis/Brubaker era was like one really well written TV series with a main character arc comparable to Breaking Bad. All he wants is to protect the citizens of his city, but it all comes at a massive cost to his mental well-being. Frank Miller and Kevin Smith also touched upon this and I think that's part of what makes their books so great.  Looking elsewhere, there are a lot of fun stories. I've heard the Waid interpretation as a swashbuckler.
And what's that?
And Game of Thrones and Homeland experienced a drop in quality. I think the golden age is well and truly over.  I keep looking at shows I thought were great last year and now I'm not too fond Hannibal has forgone story for the sake of artiness, Community found its way further up Dan Harmon's arse, Better Call Saul was tremendously disappointing and I have nothing but low expectations for the next season of Fargo. Also Parks and Rec is over. :'(  I've enjoyed Archer, Daredevil, and even The Walking Dead more than I've enjoyed the aforementioned shows. The Walking Dead!! I think the golden age of television is over.
I consider it a fan theory as Kendrick in his albums is a charcter, but a character loosely based on a real person. I've made this analogy elsewhere in the thread, but it'd be like saying Zuckerberg killed some in The Social Network. Whether it applies to real life, I'm unsure, but I believe it applies to his albums.
They're still good - just not on par with the series. They're a little rushed and don't really stand alone very well. Whether the conclusion is satisfactory or not is also really debatable. I liked it, but I know many didn't. All kind of makes sense seeing as the movies were the disused plot of season two.
Decent list I guess. Some things I don't like, but that's expected. I personally would have included Eden of the East, Hunter X Hunter and some movies. Akira, GitS, 5 Centimetres Per Second, Princess Monoke, Spirited Away and The Garden of Words would be my main picks for movies.
East of West
Too stupid... Too pretentious.  Ignoring how oxymoronic that statement is, what did you think was pretentious about Death Proof? You made some great points about the characters and the dialogue, but I'd like to hear more about this.  I love Death Proof, but it is - by far - his weakest film he directed, but it's way better than Planet Terror.
Read it before you judge it. It's an excellent story that doesn't exploit or pander anything. It is surprisingly politically neutral and very poignant. The point of is that nothing really matters in the wake of a tragedy like this.  Also I think a creator trying to pay his respects should be admired not accused of pandering.
Game is so hard on mobile.
I greatly respect your opinion, but I must ask this partly because I asked you to explain in the title of my post and because I'd love to hear why?  Is it the dated style of filmmaking, the clunky dialogue or the iffy acting?*  *I love these movies and I think that's all part of the charm.
More female Superheroes, so probably White Tiger, Spider-Woman and Ms Marvel.  I'd add a few YA movies like The Runaways and Young Avengers. I know a lot of people think The Runaways would work better as a TV series, I'd prefer to see a female-led franchise on film.  I wouldn't hire D.B. Weiss and David Benioff to write Inhumans as this season of Game of Thrones has proved they're not very creative.  I'd introduce Dick Rider in an Annihilation movie.  I'd try and make the movies have more personal and emotional climaxes. I'm not interested if Spider-Man ends with him beating Doc Ock and winning, what made the end of Spider-Man 2 interesting was Doc Ock's sacrifice.  I'd make every sequel a team-up movie a la The Winter Soldier. How cool would Doctor Strange is Spider-Man 2 be? Or Black Panther in Thor: Ragnarok?  Hawkeye miniseries based on Fraction's run.  And of course, Dark Reign and Seige must happen.
Saga, Sex Criminals, Sandman, Wytches, Southern Bastards, Y: The Last Man, Afterlife with Archie and We3 quickly come to mind.
[It's a great one as well](http://imgur.com/a/L7zDu)
I agree with you on everything, but generalising CBMs. I agree that some people are getting tired of Superhero movies, but I bet those people would kill to see more movies like Sin City, The History of Violence and V for Vendetta (even the Zack Snyder movies I'm not a fan of).  There are so many great comics I'd rather see get an adaption than a C-list Marvel hero - I say this a massive Marvel Comics fan. I'd like to see Maus, East of West, Saga or Y: The Last Man come to the big screen before Ant-Man.
Ellen Page as Kitty Pryde. I think it's just because I had a crush on the character since I was a kid and seeing he in live-action just did it for me.