Had a date last night with a girl from church. Took a walk downtown, got some waffles, and saw an improv show. Personally I think it went well. I'm just proud to have asked her out in person, as I've only ever been the one being asked out, or I asked them out on OKC/Tinder.
We get this a lot. Not very. Both those groups are Christians and believe in the power of doctrine. They believe in the authority of Scripture. More so, they also have defined gender roles between men and women (such as women being asked to wear bonnets).  The difference here is that Quakers do not necessarily believe in the Bible (or even God for that matter), though many certainly do. It is simply not needed to have any sort of theological belief in order to be considered a Friend. And Quakers have long been egalitarians in regards to gender roles where men and women, due to the strong belief in equality before God, have shared the same responsibilities, as they do today.  There is, however, one strong point Friends and the Amish and Mennonites all share. All three groups attempt to live simple lives, both in their consumption of materials, and how they dress. Many Amish and Mennonites will wear plain dress (and some Quakers still do, though it is rare) in a testament to their faith and oath to a life of service to God and the spirit. Though Quakers generally do not wear plain dress anymore, during a Sunday service in a Quaker Meeting you will rarely see anyone dressed up fancifully, for the reasons stated before.
I like the 6 things. They're pretty unique, so good job there!  The "Message Me If" part is a little bland though, as a lot of people have written what you did. So I'd change that up.
That's a great idea and I wish you luck. Got my only tat two years ago and have been happy ever since!
I have, sort of. I converted at 15 on my own, was active for about a year or two, then went inactive because I just wasn't serious about it. Went four years without religion until I found the Quakers.   Now various life choices have placed my in Provo, so I've started attending services again. It's a hard transition, and I'm working on getting my testimony built back up. If I fail to believe again, I'll still attend services so I can learn and make friends. What's been nice is my bishop and a few others know I'm not LDS, yet they've all been very accepting.
What's wrong with it?
Lots of call centers and a lot of IT type jobs. Construction and trucking seem to be big too. Good amount of NGOs are stationed here if that's your thing. It's really not hard to find something that pays the bills (rent in SLC and the surrounding area is very cheap, like $400/mo for a room). Within a month of moving here I got several interviews and call backs.   You can check out this site to get a feel for what's available: http://www.ksl.com/jobs
Thanks for posting.
I'm nearing the end, and it's been okay so far. There are some great scenes, and a few sluggish parts. The thing about the book is that it's a micro-view of a larger event by zooming in on a single town and a few characters while the whole country fights off a disease. Similar concept to *The Leftovers* if you're familiar with that.
You never know. I'll have a heated conversation with someone, only to realize they were right a few days later. We often don't admit we're wrong in the heat of the moment.
I could understand that, but libertarian positions are so misunderstood and underrepresented in the political realm that if the movement is to gain any sort of traction then it needs someone who can convince people to completely change their way of thinking when it comes to the philosophy of government. At best, the majority of people who will vote for Johnson will do so because they *already* agree with him. That's not really enough to inspire a "Ross Perot/Ralph Nader" type moment where he could act as a spoiler in the election (or even possibly win).  I try to imagine him debating Obama in the presidential debates last election, and just can't see him winning.   But you are right - he doesn't pretend to be something he isn't, which is pretty nice for a politician.
Oh I feel ya. I hate it when people with different views than me have the right to an education ;)  Check out that garage case I sent ya, and I recommend *Kindly Inquisitors* by  Jonathan Rauch, who writes about the importance of learning how to deal with bigotry in an open field, coming from the perspective as a gay man during the 70s. He talked at a FIRE conference I went to, and it was pretty cool learning about his experience.
1) Your main pic is a little weak, doesn't really show much of you.  2) Your self-summary is really bland and doesn't say anything about you. Insert something about your personality there, but try and be creative with that.  3) Use "I" less when starting sentences.  4) Don't mention being dead tired on a Friday night. What's your *ideal* Friday night? If it's just getting food with friends and playing games afterwards, leave it at that.
I suspect this is partially because they have basically no real-life organization or power.  They are organized on the academic level in the US. Students For Liberty, Young Americans for Liberty, the Mises Institute, Cato all have AnCaps within them.  But more so, I worked with AnCaps with Students For Liberty, and I found everyone to be pretty normal 20 something year olds. Can't imagine any of them wanting to hurt anything more than a fly.
20 [M4R] Wyoming: Puritan Pioneer Seeks Platonic Partnership   Hi! I'm Dan, and I'm the most optimistic motherfucker you'll ever meet. In fact, it'll probably annoy the shit out of you half the time, but that just means you've got to try and up the anti to match my enthusiasm for everything.   Face and junk (on the right):  http://i.imgur.com/bmDh1Ya.jpg  I'm moving to Wyoming from Massachusetts soon. Wyoming, if you didn't know, lies in the middle of nowhere. Why am I moving there? I felt a little lost after a stint with college, and so I've joined Americorps to help homeless veterans get off the street, and give them a roof over their heads. I like helping people, and I volunteer often (mostly as a tutor). Like every 20 year old, I have no idea what I want to do, but I'm hoping it'll be something positive and impacting. The most rewarding feeling I get is giving my all for the betterment of someone else.   I get involved politics a lot, too. While I'm not grounded in all of my beliefs, I think it's important to be be a part of democracy. I'll knock on doors, hammer phones, or throw leaflets in people's faces for a cause I think is worth fighting for.   When I'm not being helpful to others, I'm playing civilization 5 (and losing), trying to get better at my shitty Chinese, reading the news, having arguments with strangers on the intertewbs (and losing), going around into the wilderness, or cooking myself food (and failing).   I'm an unemployment...I mean history major. Get me drunk, and I'll rant about US-Sino relations. Trust me, it'll be worth it. And on occasion I play dress up with my local freemasonry lodge, usually donning an old hat, sword, apron, and a pair of 18th century pants and shirt.  Like this: http://i.imgur.com/HqaveQ5.jpg  I mostly listen to chill music, chip tunes, alt-rock or alt-pop. Movies are sci-fi or thrillers. TV: 30 Rock, Parks and Rec, Lillyhammer, House of Cards, ST:TNG, The West Wing, X-Files, lots of animation (Bobs Burgers, Adventure Time, etc). And for reading: Phillip K Dick, history, law, public policy, and some Chinese novels which I struggle to understand.  I'm looking for friends, IRL or otherwise (no preference) to be silly with. I'm rarely serious unless prompted to be so. Typing, camming or using mics are all okay to me! Skype is my main mode of communication. I need someone who I can talk with pretty frequently, though. I'll be living far away from any meaningful civilization (it *is* Wyoming), so I may need the company!   Oh, and please be talkative. I can talk a lot, and need some sort of counter balance so I don't overload and explode.   Looking forward to our new immature friendship.
I'm a Libertariam candidate running for state rep. AMA!   Hi all,   Some of you have noticed my flair as I've been posting in this sub. My name is Dan Morris and I'm running to represent Salem, Massachusetts as a State Representative.   I've spent a year working with Students For Liberty as a campus coordinator, a student non-profit dedicated towards spreading the ideas of capitalism and limited government on college campuses. I've also been active with my local Tea Party (who aren't as bad as you might think). And I've also been working with the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education (FIRE) on changing speech codes at my school, Salem State University.  I've even lobbied with them in Boston for a students right to have active legal council present during expulsion and suspension hearings with their school, due to such meetings being public record, allowing a court to ask for the transcripts of whatever a student said during these meetings, which leads to self-incrimination.   Some issues I'm running on:   Removing a state gas tax which is tied to inflation. You want to raise taxes? Fine (well, not really), but at least vote for raising them per year rather than sneaking in an inflation tie.   Marijuana legalization, and allowing non-violent first time offenders in prison for drug possession to be released back into our society.   Transgender equal access to all public facilities (i.e, bathrooms).   Working against the over arming of police  Establish a limited trial voucher program for low-income students to go to any school of their choosing.   I should also note that I am not an AnCap, but that's only because my readings have been focused elsewhere. I'll read Rothbard soon, I swear!  I enjoy hiking, gaming, reading alt-history books, and volunteer as an English tutor to immigrants and refugees in my spare time.   AMA!