Some back-story -- this giant popcorn bag was given to my kickball team randomly by a polyamorous meetup in Brooklyn.
I wanted to destroy something beautiful
What rap songs have nursery rhyme lyrics in them?   Example:  Clipse - Grindin'  Patty cake, patty cake, I'm the baker's man I bake them cakes as fast as I can And you can tell by how my bread stack up
Fun Interactive Map: 'Transit Time NYC' Visualizes Subway Travel Times from Any Point in the City [923  876]
TIFU by making a 'shitty' joke at work   I just started working for a multi-billion dollar company in beauty and cosmetics. The company is 85% women, I am 100% man.  Today, in a monthly update the VP meeting, I joked, "it's strange to me that a multi-billion dollar beauty and cosmetics company provides employees with single-ply toilet paper."  I think it's fair to say my days are numbered.
TIFU by patiently waiting in line at the post office   I woke up a bit earlier this morning so that I could get to the post office when it opened at 9am. I arrived at 8:55am and there was already a bit of a line underneath the awning that read: UNITED STATES POST OFFICE. The sun was shining on NYC and the people waiting were negotiating who was last in line; preparing for the doors to open.  I was being my cheery self, offering quips like, "I wonder what I'll get!" and "the anticipation is like waiting in line for concert tickets!" and "the waiting almost makes it better, you know?"   The lady waiting next to me told me that they would open at 10am. We waited. I read a bit from my book and listened to music. Finally, a guy came out with a clipboard. People were showing their IDs and he was taking down their first and last names. People were allowed to enter six at a time.   I entered the building and it was a large elevator. One floor up and to my surprise it was a food pantry. I asked about the Post Office and was informed of its whereabouts half a block down the avenue.   So, in conclusion, I stood in line with people waiting to collect food for over an hour, saying things like, "I wonder what I'll get!" and "the anticipation is like waiting in line for concert tickets!" and "the waiting almost makes it better, you know?"  Horrible only begins to describe how I feel.
Exactly. The pro tip here is just TRY. Also, if the jacket isn't worth the time... don't bother.
A 3D printer can print 3D printers
Housekeeping Horror
Thaitalian
Tai Fu?
[Chameleontwist?](http://images.wikia.com/egamia/images/5/5a/Chameleontwist2.jpg)
What are some old video games that you remember playing but can't remember the title?   Describe them as best you can and maybe savvy Redditors can solve the mystery!  EDIT: Year, console, characters, etc...
[Like eggs or something...](http://www.tcm.com/mediaroom/video/298087/Alien-Movie-Clip-Eggs-Or-Something.html)
Heartbroken folk of Reddit, what music has been ruined by a tumultuous breakup?   Examples: "our song" or bands you saw together... *sobs*
Catholics can just pray to St. Anthony when they lose their virginity. No more excuses.   St Anthony: patron saint of lost articles