Review of Sarah Manguso's Ongoingness: The End of a Diary
To you your first point, I agree. Asking the questions was less about quality and more about just how am I (if I am) crafting an inclusive work.  To your second point, you're right. When I originally thought of the story I wanted to have my 'hero' be trans but then I realized I wasn't knowledgeable enough to write a convincing character. Still hoping to in the future.
3 recipes I've rather liked: Chickpea   Coriander Burgers, Quinoa Sliders, and Twice-Baked Butternut Squash   Chickpea Coriander Burgers  Ingredients  can chickpeas, drained a sprinkle of lemon juice (less than a teaspoon) 1 tsp ground cumin tablespoon of ground coriander 1 egg cup of breadcrumbs/Panko 1 medium red onion 1 tbsp olive oil/peanut oil  Directions I have a small a food processor in which I put the chickpeas, lemon juice, cumin, coriander, and the egg. Once the mixture is a good thickness, scrape it into a bowl. In the bowl, add breadcrumbs and the diced onions. The mixture needs to chill for at least 10 minutes. Form however many patties youd like but try to keep them uniform in thickness and width.  I use peanut oil to fry with these days because it has a high smoke point (meaning its damn difficult to burn peanut oil, Im not skilled enough to fry with olive oil and not make a mess). Pour at least a tablespoon of oil in a frying pan and let it get hot (every oven will vary, I dont have an oven with a proper flame so I tend to use Medium-to-Low), which usually takes about two or three minutes. You dont want them to burn but you want them crisp on the outside. Fry them for about four minutes on each side.  Quinoa Sliders  Ingredients  1 cup uncooked quinoa, rinsed 2 cups vegetable or chicken stock can of chickpeas 1/2 cup freshly grated cheese (provolone, mozzarella) 1/4 cup Panko/breadcrumbs 1/2 cup chopped carrots 2 green onions 2 garlic cloves, minced 1 large egg 3 tablespoons olive oil/peanut oil Directions  Cook the quinoa with the stock. Once cooked, remove from heat and set aside.  Chop green onions and carrots and mince the garlic, then place in a bowl with the shredded cheese and panko and mix the ingredients. I again used my mini-food processor to chop up the chickpeas. Once the chickpeas are thick, add it to the bowl. Add quinoa and and egg, mix well. I always place the mixture in the fridge for a bit (10 minutes).  I usually make my patties from flattening the ball Ive rolled around in my palm, but you can do whateverjust make sure they are uniform.  Heat your skillet with olive or peanut oil. Once hot, put the patties in and fry until crispy (between 3-5 minutes on each side). If youre a dolt like me, you may need to have more oil at hand and occasionally clean out the skillet of burnt debris between patties.  Twice-Baked Butternut Squash  Ingredients  1 butternut squash (medium or large) 2 shallots (small or medium) cup of quinoa 2 cups of water cup of gorgonzola Directions  Preheat oven to 400. Slice butternut squash in half length wise. Scoop out seeds. Place each half cut side down in a 913 pan (or whatever size you have, I used a 99) and pour a cup of water (water is important, make sure its in your pandont put the squash in the oven without it). Place in oven and bake until tender, about 45-60 minutes. Once done, remove and set aside.  Dice the shallots. In a skillet heat oil. Saute shallots until they give off a nice aroma or are translucent (in plainspeak this means 5-10 minutes). In the same skillet add quinoa and cup of water. Bring to a boil, then reduce to a simmer at let cook until water is absorbed, 12-15 minutes. Essentially, just cook the quinoa and then add the sauted shallots.  With quinoa done, go back to squash and scoop out the inside. Leave some in but youre carving out space for the quinoa. Cut side up return the squash to the pan (chuck the water, you dont need it anymore).  The squash you scooped out you need to mix with the gorgonzola cheese. When the quinoa is done, mix it with the cheese and squash mixture. Take this mixture and fill in each half of the squash in the pan. If youd like sprinkle some gorgonzola over the top.  Return the stuffed squash to oven. Bake for 10-15 minutes or until cheese has melted and the tops begin to brown. Remove from oven, cut eat half in half, and serve.  [Here's my post with links to the recipe sites themselves](https://train_subject1405.wordpress.com/2015/02/17/foodiesphere-chickpea-coriander-burgers-quinoa-sliders-and-twice-baked-butternut-squash/)
New research re-creates planet formation, super-earths and giant planets in the laboratory
New technique offers spray-on solar power
Localized climate change contributed to ancient southwest depopulation
Delirious Hem: Alt Lit and Rape Culture - This I Will Now Sing Deftly
I wrote [Adversaries Together](http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00PB4I5X4) to feature three strong woman leads--one an aggressive adventurer, one a scrappy daughter of a city's leader, and another a nun-like character that sheds her naivete but refuses to compromise her beliefs. All done without having to fall in love or be damsels in distress
[Adversaries Together](http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00PB4I5X4) is about groups of elites in a fantasy world looking to conquer--one character is looking to take over the world's religion, another wants to become emperor, and a third wants to bring to the world to its knees by dominating it economically
[Promo] Adversaries Together, A New Fantasy Series   Adversaries Together is the first book in a planned seven book series I began last November as part of National Novel Writing Month. Check it out and look for book two to appear soon!  Check it out here: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00PB4I5X4/ref=cm_sw_r_tw_awdm_EUOxub05HQ5T3  "A city that's been under siege for a thousand days. A rising empire and a power hungry religion. A resource so precious that its production controls the world. In the world of Syr Nebra, there is no such thing as magic, yet every human clings to their faith and country. Avery Roth is a wanderer scratching out a living in the hinterlands trying to avoid the religious zealots of The Cathedral and the imperial ambitions of The Seven Spires. But when a young woman and her paladin guardian literally run into him in the wild as they are fleeing bandits, he is entangled in a political web that tightens the more he struggles to free himself and others."  Check it out here: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B00PB4I5X4/ref=cm_sw_r_tw_awdm_EUOxub05HQ5T3
Wobbling of a Saturn moon hints at what lies beneath
I had similar worries. After next season's expansion teams (Jax, OKC), the league is going to have to focus entirely on the Pacific timezone. I think USSF's insistence may over-saturate the West coast. But really, I have a hard time coming up with viable locations--maybe Tacoma (the Milwaukee of Washington State), Nevada feels like a black hole, San Diego could work, there have been rumors of San Francisco, Fresno would have a nice population but the city is so very poor, and the rest of southern California is a crap shoot.   I'd rather see investment in places like Omaha, Calgary, El Paso, Albuquerque, Hamilton, and Detroit. Well, it'll be fun to see what happens
And, if you're interested, a friend of mine is pursuing more work in area: https://experiment.com/projects/why-the-long-face-functional-morphology-of-a-unique-fossil-porpoise
I like how Dos Santos is committed to the 4-3-3, but I don't think that the Fury have the midfield linchpin it needs--Donatelli   Ubiparipovic have been good all season but the team needs an anchor
Minnesota United Stands Alone at the Top of NASL [my content]
Tampa Bay Rowdies lose ground in the Coastal Cup