Venting and leakage are two separate problems, and leakage is the larger one. There's debate about where all the gas is leaking, but much seems to be from poorly cased wells where gas flows up the *outside* of the borehole, while in other cases the local rocks just easily leak gas when disturbed. Almost none of this is deliberate, and even less is monitored.  http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2014/09/15/study-bad-fracking-techniques-let-methane-flow-into-drinking-water/
The key to making it work in newer cities is to start fees at a low level and raise them steadily over time, after first announcing that this will be a long-term policy. The idea is to notify everyone that building more transit, and living closer to work and stores, needs to become a priority.  Politically, that's a struggle in some places, especially conservative ones, but the twin needs to cut carbon pollution and rein in runaway freeway spending demand change.
"If we are really concerned about gun violence, the overwhelming majority (by ridiculous magnitudes) comes from illegal gun ownership.  You do realize that this is because getting an illegal handgun is just so freaking easy in the U.S., where guns flood the streets and run down the gutters with each spring rain, right? Just try finding a handgun to buy on short notice in the U.K. or Japan, for example. Getting a connection will likely take days if not weeks, and then you'll pay a fortune, *and* you'll face serious charges if anyone finds out about your illegal pistol. Consequently, handguns don't get carried around all the time as in the U.S., so they don't just pop out and end arguments badly as they do here.
No, carbon taxes would not ignore methane. The only significant human-caused gas it would ignore is NOx, which is very easily regulated by other means. Water vapor is another, but it is a biproduct of warming by CO2 and CH4. So, yes, a carbon tax could be quite effective--if it is steep enough.   I like the Citizen's Climate Lobby plan: a carbon fee-and-dividend that would return all revenues equally to each citizen, giving people some resources to adjust their living, boosting consumer spending at the same time to overcome the economic drain of an additional tax.
Sorry about the paywall. Here is the text:  WASHINGTONConsumers should be paying a whopping $5 trillion more a year for energy to cover the hidden health and environmental costs of using fossil fuels, the International Monetary Fund said Monday.  Vitor Gaspar, head of the IMFs fiscal affairs department, which produced the report, called the estimates shocking and one of the largest negative externalities ever estimated, referring to costs that arent factored into prices.  The fund said policy makers must start capturing those costsvalued at roughly 6% of global gross domestic productin fuel prices now to curb the damaging effects, encourage greater energy efficiency and prevent a mounting toll on human health.  The report said the costslargely fueled by the ballooning use of coal in China and Indiafar surpassed the savings gleaned in the past year as governments cut traditional energy subsidies.  Falling oil prices have given governments including India and Angola an opportunity to raise energy prices closer to their market values.  Cutting subsidies relieves a burden on state budgets and allows a government to channel revenue elsewhere, such as social services, health care or growth-spurring investments.  International Monetary Fund Fiscal Affairs Department Director Vitor Gaspar called a report on the hidden health and environmental costs of fossil fuel use shocking. International Monetary Fund Fiscal Affairs Department Director Vitor Gaspar called a report on the hidden health and environmental costs of fossil fuel use shocking.   But the IMF said the uncounted costs of pollution from coal, oil and natural gas also should be considered subsidies because economies are burdened with mounting costs resulting from their use. Based in part on new World Health Organization data, the fund estimates those post-tax subsidies will hit $5.3 trillion this year alone.  Around a quarter of that covers the theoretical cost of mitigating greenhouse-gas emissions.  The rest is from the health effects of local pollution as well as from traffic congestion, accidents and road damage.  It is important to put in perspective just how many health problems are linked to energy consumption and air quality, said Benedict Clements, a division chief in the IMFs fiscal affairs department.  For example, the WHO estimates more than one million premature deaths a year occur because of outdoor air pollution caused largely by burning coal, he said.  IMF economists acknowledge the figures are disputable, but say they provide some indication of hidden costs that should provoke debate.  They also accept that eliminating subsides by raising energy taxes would be costly for consumers, and so it recommends a gradual increase.  Moving to efficient energy pricing in one step would require very large increases in consumer energy prices, in particular for coal, with a global average price increase of more than 200 percent, the IMF warned.  Although higher energy prices generally tax an economys growth prospects, the fund said governments can use the increase in revenue to foster economic expansion, such as through cutting labor and corporate taxes, infrastructure investment and spending on education.  It also would create incentives for low-emission alternative energy.  The fiscal gains from subsidy reform are sizable and could be a game changer for fiscal policy in many countries, Mr. Clements said.
[No need for anything like that.](http://thinkprogress.org/climate/2015/01/29/3616382/solving-climate-change-cheap/)
we would see massive investments in solar by private industries to save money and become more efficient. They aren't doing that without subsidies.  [In many regions of many countries solar is now grid-competitive without subsidies](http://www.fastcoexist.com/3043473/in-much-of-the-world-solar-power-is-already-as-cheap-as-grid-electricity).The United States now has a [a few of those regions as well](http://www.hawaiireporter.com/big-rooftop-solar-panels-make-sense-in-hawaii-without-any-subsidies). Many more are on the way.  That's looking at world wide oil and gas and doesn't take into account the enormous difference in market size between oil and renewable. On a per capita basis renewable receive far more money in subsidies than oil and gas  Fossil fuels are the world's second-most-subsidized industry, after arms, and they are *vastly* more subsidized than renewables.
There's no doubt that renewables are critical, and, taken together, they may be the single most important future power source, but they simply will not be enough, which is why several of the world's leading climate scientists recently issued [this joint letter](http://www.cnn.com/2013/11/03/world/nuclear-energy-climate-change-scientists-letter/) to world leaders.  The need to leave carbon fuels has now become an emergency. We need all hands on deck, and all the carbon-free power that we can muster...like, yesterday.
Simply put, this article is a steaming heap of lies spread for years by oil industry flunkies. No matter how often they're debunked, they just keep springing back like a case of herpes.   There was no 1970s global scientific consensus that the climate is cooling. There was no UN forecast of "50 million climate refugees by 2010". And so on.   Do some real scientific reading, or, if you can't, at least accept the facts that all 97 of the world's national scientific academies, and 97% of publishing climatologists, are in complete agreement that we are responsible for warming the globe.   And also be aware that the largest industry in human history is doing everything in its power to confuse you about that.
And state officeholders, county council members, school board members and so on. If there is one thing the old/white/passionate conservative base does well, it's to vote in *every* election, no matter how tiny. That ensures they always have a deep bench of junior pols ready to move up, and it preserves the heavy state and federal advantages given to rural voters which allow conservatives to punch well above their weight.
It depends on two things: 1) how easily labor is displaced by technology, 2) who owns the technology systems and their output.  This is the "elasticity of substitution" debate that is such a hot economic topic now. I'm not optimistic about labor's value in a world bent on replacing workers with machines, and I'm even less optimistic about owners of those machine systems sharing a penny of their profits with their fellow citizens. Instead, we're seeing a retreat of the rich behind various kinds of moats: guarded, elite residential buildings in a few wealthy cities like London, Tokyo, New York and Hong Kong; wealthy tax havens like Switzerland and Singapore; gated compounds and neighborhoods; remote, expensive resort towns, etc..
The New Optimism of Al Gore
It *is* global warming. The slowing, wobbling polar jet is being driven far north off the West Coast by a warm NE Pacific; the jet picks up cold Arctic air before lurching southward into New England. Result: the entire US West Coast has a record-warmest winter and ongoing drought even as Boston freezes.  The world just had another record-warmest year. This won't be the last time we see wild swings like this. In fact, this may be a recurring pattern.
It's all about the oceans. If any temperature data would falsify the climate change consensus, it would be extensive evidence of prolonged cooling at all depths in the oceans, which we could only get from a huge network of deep sea thermometers that we don't have. However, we *do* now have a pretty good network of ARGO floats measuring temps in the upper half of the oceans, and they show definite long-term warming proceeding from the top down.   The PDO is only recently confirmed and remains poorly understood, but that appears to be the key to understanding long-interval warming cycles.
Then there's [this guy](http://www.spokesman.com/stories/2015/feb/09/city-councilman-fagan-spreads-vaccine-conspiracy-s/).   Conspiracy theorists muttering and drooling on basement keyboards are one thing, but when they get elected to city councils and appointed to health boards, we have a problem.
New research is first to identify which fossil fuel reserves must be left unburned to keep global temperature rise under 2C.