Well, I don't think his advice is entirely wrong, but it is incredibly misguided and very ignorant. It's true that certain carbohydrate foods can lead to an increase in the adipose tissue cell proliferation rate, but only those which have a high insulinogenic index. And it's not just carbohydrates, it's also certain amino acids (particularly the whey-derived ones) and saturated fatty acids, that stimulate insulin secretion. Also, like I said, this net increase in glucose-dependent metabolic stimulation only matters insofar as it relates to how much energy your body has to work with. Ben Paluski missed out on two important things: 1) it's not just carbohydrate foods in particular that are highly insulinogenic; 2) increased insulin sensitivity is cellular energy input-mediated. Simply saying that you 'shouldn't eat carbs in the morning' is a very blatant misunderstanding of the actual biochemical principles of nutrition.
The pleasure is mine! Good luck to you! I'm sure that with the determination necessary, you will succeed!
In my opinion, this discrepancy between hunger and energy expenditure is the reason why rapidly reaching a new 'weight loss' low in the overweight   obese is simply not an effective long-term solution. If you're an experienced athlete who 'nasty bulked' for 3 months and now wish to go back to your pre-bulk weight, then sure, going on a relatively big caloric deficit or even using a dangerous drug such as 2,4-Dinitrophenol might work. But if you're obese or overweight and you want to go from there to a 'visible six pack weight', first, it has to be slow and steady, and second, you have to accept the fact that there will be mental pain from hunger and all you can do is resist it and minimize it by eating lots of dietary fibers and other nutrients that increase the 'gastric fullness' effect that can be obtained from eating. I have been there. Being hungry all the time is hard, but right now, given what we understand of the human physiology, there seems to be no other way.
You don't maintain. You pick up resistance training and start being at a caloric surplus again so as to increase the amount of muscular tissue in your body. Being strong and muscular to a certain extent is almost as important for health and longevity as not being overweight; it improves quality of life, especially in later life, and has protective effects against a plethora of diseases (such as osteoporosis).
To quote the article:  'Furthermore, studies in humans confirm that fructose, but not glucose (when provided as 25% of energy requirements), in the context of an energy-balanced diet increases de novo lipogenesis and visceral adiposity along with dyslipidemia, decreases insulin sensitivity10, 12 and decreases in fat oxidation53. Curiously, in human studies that use isocaloric diets with subjects in energy balance (i.e., equal energy intake and expenditure), observed no overall effects of fructose in BW gain20, 21. However, it is worth mentioning that such interventions in humans tend to be of very short duration (up to 4 weeks), so it is not clear whether such null effects on BW will persist in longer term interventions.'  Sadly, there is no clear answer.
Well, I've had a long day and I come here and first thing I see is the OP getting upvoted for spreading senseless bullshit. Of course I'm a little pissed and my tone did reflect that. I'm sorry.
Thanks!
I don't have a whole lot of merit, I've been studying these things basically all my life, since I was a teenager. The more you learn about the human body and how it interacts with the physical world, and the more you come to realize how ignorant laypeople are, especially when it comes to food, and so the more you come to hate and despise them. Knowledge is quite the alienating concept...
Yes, if you want food that 'goes in' more easily, you should eat proteins from a dairy source and carbohydrates that are rich in sugar and low in fiber. For example, chocolate milk, which is rich in dairy proteins and has a fairy low sugar/fiber. Anything that contains dairy proteins and of which most of the carbohydrates come from sugar.
AAV Follistatin injection probably has side effects, as Follistatin affects the entire transforming growth factor beta family. But in this case they used an isoform (a compound similar but modified at the molecular level) of Follistatin that targets the MSTN pathway in order to avoid off-target site effects. More research will be needed to determine the impact of myostatin inhibition in humans, so I would be cautious to say it's adverse effect-free. Now as to whether it's 'doping' or not, that's an ethical question that science should not concern itself with. Laypeople would never understand anyway.
Nope, not at all, but whatever happened in the past is irrelevant - the games they're playing right now represent the peak of their teamfighting ability in its current state, it'd just easy to see how they're on a whole other level. Their abilities to initiate, to coordinate both initiating abilities and in general, and their positioning are all on point.
No I wouldn't mind at all, it's no problem. Have fun with it, and if possible, improve it and personalize it. I can think of at least a hundred ways to make this look even better. I just don't have the time or inspiration at the moment.
It sounds to me like you're looking for excuses to not be on a strict diet. I don't see how eating with your girlfriend or eating out occasionally prevent you from being on a caloric deficit or roughly respecting your macro nutrient breakdown.   Speech giver Eric Thomas said: 'the most important thing is this: the ability, at any moment, to sacrifice what you are for what you will become.'   If you let the small things of your daily life, such as the ones you're describing here, get in the way of the future you have envisioned for yourself, then that future will never happen. There's a reason a lot of people don't go very far when it comes to changing their body: it's because they keep coming up with excuses like these. 'I want to diet but I don't want to never eat out', 'I can't be on a deficit because I have to eat with my girlfriend.'   Sounds like a bunch of unfounded excuses to me.
I wanted to do this in my survival world, but it's a more complex design so I worked things out in Creative first and this was the result. Also, my world has a Nether fortress farm-powered smelting station that uses coal and blaze rod drops from Wither Skeletons and Blazes and I wanted to compare the efficiency between the two.
I'm working on it! There will be a world download in a couple days for sure.
[Manga Spoilers]My theory on the basement, the walls, titan-shifting, the Coordinate, Grisha's actions and how it all connects.   I believe that, at least a hundred years prior to the start of the story, some people were transformed into the titans that make up the walls right now, with the ability to manipulate the physical matter that consistutes their very being (the titan-like body) in various ways. However, they had to be 'mindless'; this is very important, because like we've seen with Ymir, when 'mindless', the human somewhere within the titan doesn't age physically and can therefore live on as long as he/she is in that state/form.  However, I believe 'mindless' is the wrong term. Titans were made so that they will only listen to/be aware of the existence of the people who possess what Reiner called the 'Coordinate', and will otherwise wander about in a seemingly mindless manner, eating human beings as part of a set of pre-programmed behaviors. Basically, those people can 'coordinate' the titans to do certain things. This excludes titan-shifters, for which I have another theory that I won't discuss here.   Back to my theory of what happened, the strange room below the Reiss chapel is a 'control room' to which the wall titans are connected. I believe that there are 3 rooms like that, one for every wall, and that another one is what Grisha's basement is. This is why the walls seem to expand underground, because the physical matter that makes up the walls connects the titans to these rooms. This connection not only allows those who possess the coordinate's power to control all the wall titans from those rooms, but also gives them a massive quantity of energy that they can use to use their abilities on a much larger scale than normally, like for wiping out the memories of an entire population. This is why Rod and Historia can trigger Eren's memories just by touching him when he is in that room - because the massive amount of energy coming from the walls makes Eren's abilities particularly powerful.    However, using the coordinate's power on a large scale puts a lot of strain on the body and can therefore be deadly for its users. The 3 women who wiped out the memories of an entire population probably died doing so, and this is why the walls were named in their honor, because of their noble sacrifice. Regardless, if they were able to do such a thing, I would assume that a single user of the coordinate's power using his abilities to maximum efficiency in one of those control rooms would be able to do something big. I think Grisha wanted to use Eren to carry out that 'something big', and it was something so big that the user would have died in the process, and that's why he couldn't do it himself. He was probably going to get Eren to have the coordinate power, bring him to that room (the basement) and have him use his powers to carry out his own plans. But obviously something went wrong, but that was his original plan.