"An unseasonably cold storm will bring a blanket of snow to Southern Californias mountains Thursday while foothill residents in Los Angeles and Ventura counties could be in for potential mud and debris flows, the National Weather Service said."  There is a potential for isolated thunderstorms with dangerous lightning, small hail, gusty erratic winds, and isolated water spouts, a statement from the weather service said.
MANILA, Philippines (AP)  A Philippine volcano has spewed ash for the second time in less than a week but there were no signs of any imminent violent eruption, the country's chief volcano expert said Thursday.  Mount Bulusan in Sorsogon province southeast of Manila ejected ash 250 meters (825 feet) above the 1,565-meter (5,165-foot) volcano late Wednesday, said Renato Solidum, director of the Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology.  The agency asked local officials to keep people away from a 4-kilometer (2.5-mile) hazardous zone around the crater, he said. He said aircraft should not fly close to the mountain to avoid any sudden explosions and ash clouds.  Solidum said the explosion was due to ground water coming into contact with hot rocks and not rising magma. He says such "phreatic" explosions are typical of Bulusan. The ash explosion lasted about 3-1/2 minutes, shorter than the 5-minute explosion recorded May 1.  A large explosion in February 2011 that shot an ash plume about 2 kilometers (more than a mile) into the sky prompted about 1,200 villagers to flee to shelters.  Bulusan is one 23 volcanoes considered active by the volcanology agency, but it has not had a violent eruption since in 1918.  The country is in the Pacific "Ring of Fire," where volcanic activity and earthquakes are common. In June 1991, Mount Pinatubo in the northern Philippines exploded in one of the biggest eruptions in the 20th century.
it isn't just California though.   http://www.fs.fed.us/foresthealth/technology/pdfs/IDSurvey_2014_placemat.pdf  http://www.fs.fed.us/foresthealth/technology/pdfs/MpbWestbb_Summary.pdf   From original posted article: "The scarcity of water is not the trees only enemy amid the drought.  Weakened and dehydrated, many of the trees are being finished off by bark beetles  tiny brown insects that thrive in dry conditions, chewing away at pines and making them brittle.  Officials say they are seeing an uptick in bark beetles amid the drought. In the San Bernardino forest, bark beetle infestations were considered a factor in deadly fires that devoured swaths of mountainside in 2003.  The trees natural defense against the beetles lies in their sticky resin, said Timothy Paine, an entomologist at UC Riverside who has studied the beetles and their environment.  The water in properly hydrated trees creates pressure internally that pushes the resin out to the trees surface, deflecting beetles that dont want to get caught in it, Paine said. When a tree is dried up, it cant produce additional resin that protects it from the beetles, making a perfect opportunity for them to colonize, Paine said.  If you have a drought, you get large numbers of trees that are susceptible, Paine said. The beetles build up their populations.
Did you guys just have a quake? I'm seeing a report of a 3.4 but I'm not finding any news on it. Thanks!   EDIS Number:	EQ-20150505-476943-US Common Alerting Protocol  Magnitude:	3.4  Mercalli scale:	1  Date-Time [UTC]:	05 May, 2015 at 16:03:56 UTC  Local Date/Time:	Wednesday, May 06, 2015 at 09:03 in the moorning at epicenter  Coordinate:	115 40.014, 39 4.980  Depth:	0 km (0.00 miles)  Hypocentrum:	---  Class:	Minor  Region:	Nevada  Country:	United States  Location:	39.00 km (24.23 miles) - of Eureka, Nevada, United States  Source:	USGS  Generated Tsunami:	Not Damage:	Not or no data  http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/map/
I'm assuming the dog was infected by fleas.  However:    "...Four days later, the dog's owner entered the hospital with a fever and a bloody cough that became worse over the next few hours, but an initial blood culture was misidentified, according to the CDC report.  As the patient's symptoms grew worse, the test was redone and he was found to have been infected with pnumonic plague, according to the CDC report. The remains of the dog were also tested and were found to be positive for the plague bacteria.  "Frankly one of the biggest surprises of this outbreak is the source," said John Douglas, of Tri-County Health Department in Colorado and one of the study authors. "Primarily ... dogs dont get sick at all or they get a minor illness," after being infected with the plague.  Janine Runfola, of the Tri-County Health Department in Colorado and lead author of the report, explained that cats are more likely to infect humans with the disease than dogs because they exhibit more symptoms. "For pneumonic plague a more likely scenario would be you have a cat [play] with prairie dogs and infected fleas get on the cat," Runfola said. "The cat gets sick and sneezes and coughs on its owner."  "The plague is caused by the bacteria Yersinia pestis, and can infect the body in different ways. For example a flea bite can lead to infection of the glands, which is called bubonic plague -- notorious for the epidemics it spawned during the Middle Ages in Europe. Because this plague was spread from dog to owner through coughing, it developed into pneumonic plague, according to Douglas.  The plague is known to be endemic to prairie dogs in the American Southwest, which can then lead to isolated outbreaks of the disease in domestic animals or humans.
http://www.reddit.com/live/usqod2db8ogh  https://twitter.com/kundadixit
Theres also the question of private property on both sides of the equation  private mineral rights and private homes, says the mayor. And its a public safety issue. It does raise questions about long-term infrastructure cost. It is something weve got to consider. I am a big proponent of natural gas and what it could do for energy independence in this country. The question of how and where we should be doing it is what we need science to help us figure out. Its good city policy if we know what the safest way to extract it is."  http://cityhallblog.dallasnews.com/2015/04/rawlings-now-even-more-anxious-to-get-smus-study-showing-cause-of-dallas-irving-quakes.html/
Yes, I agree it is not normal.  ( and yes I can understand and picture  the possibility of a "stalled low pressure system that creates a 'loop' in the Jet Stream.").  My real question of course is 'Why?'.  The physical causes are very nicely explained in your link, tyvm! I suppose that means my real question is 'How' did this happen?  No!, I do not please! wish to hear a long winded explanation of climate warming from the start of time, tyvm:)  I am rather more curious as to how any of the stagnant factors came to exist.  Exactly:)  ok going off to apply for work at Rutgers with Ms. Lewis:)
seconded by this little series of statements?:  "The Russian defence ministry said it was ready to supply the S-300 equipment "promptly", an official there said, quoted by Interfax."...  "Iran's Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has cautioned against seeing the interim agreement as a guarantee of a final deal."  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32290335
No you aren't:) It is a very convoluted story.  At the beginning it says "Billy Joe Rowe, 41, of Clio, who police say confessed to the child porn, never was charged and  because of mistakes made by Michigan State Police  never will be", and it is redacted near the end.
smuggling. of what to where   why IDK.    None of the possibilities aside from perhaps #1 seem to make a lot of sense considering the effort.  There was a poppy nailed to the wall?   "Saunders said the tunnel appeared to be well-constructed and that there were still tools inside, along with a wheelbarrow and a pulley system, when it was found. Police also found a rosary and a Remembrance Day poppy nailed to a wall."  http://www.npr.org/blogs/thetwo-way/2015/02/25/388997201/toronto-police-try-to-uncover-riddle-of-mystery-tunnel  Surely an about-when can be determined as to when this was built. Maybe it was built as a rudimentary shelter from either bombs or weather?
Wow, thank you:)
Hi sorry if I have submitted wrong (hope not!)    The original film dates from 1938, this version was released in 1942.  Film plot courtesy http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Child_Br... Miss Carol (Diana Durrell) is an idealistic teacher in a remote one-room schoolhouse. A native of the Ozarks herself, she is determined to stop the practice of child marriage, in which older men marry teen or preteen girls. Her campaign raises the ire of some local men, led by Jake Bolby, who drag her into the woods one night with the intention of tarring and feathering her. Before they can do this, however, Angelo the dwarf and Mr. Colton arrive with a shotgun to save the day.  Following this, Jake Bolby comes across young Jennie Colton swimming naked. When her father dies, Bolby decides to take advantage of the opportunity to blackmail her mother into letting him marry the girl, threatening that otherwise he will see her hanged for murder. After he "courts" Jennie by giving her a doll, the two are married. It later turns out that this ceremony was illegal, as child marriage had been banned several days prior, but this point quickly becomes moot. Before Bolby can consummate the union, he is gunned down by Angelo. Jennie leaves his house with Freddie, and the movie ends.
my apologies. I just found it so crazy interesting, and quite morbid to boot.   I really had doubts on the posting, and I thank you for your help in modding this wonderful sub.  cheers!
I want to see itty bitty jars of marmalade from it eventually please! https://gardeningonthego.wordpress.com/2012/03/05/making-marmalade-from-the-calamondins/
I seem to have had a shameful voice in my head forever. I think what I was actually ashamed of was my parents.  They argued to where the whole neighborhood heard them.  I felt frightened. And ashamed.  Oldish now, yet I haven't yet dealt with this.  Comes a time:)  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jo7gkFkhG8  Also thanks:) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5plUrqi0zwA