*Ohhhhhh* that sick burn.. /s  HURR DURR GET OFF MAH INTERNETZ YOU DAMN INTUHLECTCHULLS
:/
I guess we won't agree on this.  Why should you participate?  Because you care about other people, about the fate of your descendents, and of the species and the planet.  If all you'll ever care about is yourself, and you won't be satisfied until you're free, then your best bet is probably to kill yourself right now - you're in for a miserable life (ironically, one that seems to have been pulled right out of a Hollywood revolutionary meme).  Anyway, if you want to debate what makes a good life, we could do that - I think it's an interesting topic.  But somehow I don't believe you're interested in changing your views on that in the slightest, nor on presenting a genuine argument for your own views.
Everything you said makes sense, but you didn't cite a single piece of *evidence*.  I could as easily write paragraph that sounds as true and supports the opposite conclusion, but they couldn't both be true.    Wild animals die, and get maimed, etc.  It's a fact of animal life.  If my cat doesn't kill a bird, it will probably suffer some other painful, violent death as a prey animal.  Unless cats can be shown to increase the cruelty of an ecosystem, I don't think cat-induced horrible deaths are morally relevant.  This is an empirical question; *where is the science?*
No, you didn't.  The connotation matters; the way an idea is framed *matters*.  It has a powerful effect on how something reads, even if you understand the literal meaning intended is in conflict with the presentation. Just saying, after the fact: "oh yeah, that sexist language that excludes have the species: yeah, it really doesn't.  women are men too!" doesn't fix anything.  If you think that was a good fix, then by extension you should think there is no problem using the word nigger to refer to black people in conversation.  What?  The literal meaning is just "black person" now - all that slave stuff is long behind us!  Why are you people so upset about it!
3
/r/hailcorporate
That is true.  It's also true that psilocin is quite unstable and most of it is lost on drying.  You're really just looking at small effects like gastric emptying time (slower absorption from whole mushrooms vs. isolated compound or tea) and traces of baeocystin as probable mechanisms for some minor difference in effect.  Every time I've used mushrooms was distinct from every other time I've used mushrooms, despite obvious consistencies.  The same holds for LSD and all other psychedelics I've taken more than once.  I wouldn't expect myself to be able to distinguish the difference between 4 AcO and mushroom tea.
That's high enough that you should be concerned about single dose neurotoxicity.  If you're set on doing this, you should be certain to keep hydrated and keep yourself from overheating during the experience, and should not dose again with another psychedelic or amphetamine for the following week or so.  I must respectfully disagree with Quasarstoquark's somewhat carefree assessment of the risk.  There is good enough reason to be quite cautious about doses much higher than 100-150mg, and there is no good reason to believe that it is safe to combine MDMA with LSD, or to take it soon after 5-Meo-DiPT.  The stakes are very, very high - acceptable risk should be quite low.
Unless you have a reason to suspect deficiency (e.g. you're a vegetarian), you probably shouldn't supplement it alone.  Too much zinc can inhibit absorption of copper.  It is probably better to take a multivitamin or multimineral supplement that contains both in similar quantities, if you really want to supplement.  Supplements are heavily marketed by companies who have a solution they need to sell you.  It's difficult to sell solutions to people who don't have problems, so a lot of material out there is designed to make you think you have a problem that supplement X will solve.  In reality, most supplements in most situations are unnecessary at best.
To expect it, no.  But there is enough evidence supporting it as a reasonably likely outcome of the next 30 years of research that it shouldn't be dismissed as impossible or extremely unlikely without strong evidence.  You can find a lot of optimistic, yet pragmatic and evidence based commentary by searching for a scientist   science communicator named [Aubrey De Grey](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aubrey_de_Grey).
Yes, those are all fair points.  I find this interesting, in particular:  5-10 years down the line Bitcoin could be a million a coin. Or it could be zero. Who knows.  My understanding is that there are many commodities that offer a much more predictable return.  There are also many other potential tech investments with an uncertain fate.  If your goal is profit, investing heavily in Bitcoin makes little sense.  Bitcoin is not special in this regard; it is a risky investment that has its place, but should not be expected to pay off huge just because it possibly could.
My point is that if anybody knows the reality of the system, it would be Michael Browns parents and Eric Garners wife.  This makes no sense to me.  If anybody knows the reality of grieving for the sudden, violent death of a loved one, its those folks.  But I see no reason to believe that their views on systematic oppression by the state are any more nuanced than the typical views of working class Americans.  Odds are they are well-programmed drones, utterly ignorant of the realities of class oppression.
Ho ho!  May the clear light of an unclouded intellect shine upon your ebony man-curls as the first rays of dawn!  May the frigid salty spray of incontrovertible insight dash upon the rocks of your chiseled captainesque countenance!  edit: seriously I wish you no ill.  cheers..
Really...you tell me that pointing out flaws in your reasoning and trying to convince you to address the idea instead of abusing me *in a debate subreddit* is bad because I should "refute the central point, and not the character of the person" as per the rules.  In the same post, you look up my posting history, call me a libertarian because I've posted in r/bitcoin, and tell me to go back to /r/libertarian and leave /r/debateanarchism?  Meh.  I guess I'll give up on you seeing reason for now.  I keep trying to think of something to say to how you still think I've questioned whether your definition of racism is valid, but all I would say is what you already quoted me saying.  It's as though you don't speak English. :/  Ok bye.
If it does effect the trip, it will only reduce the effects of the shrooms.  So you have nothing to fear from an interaction; the worst case is disappointment.  Although by now, I suppose you've already tripped.  Please share how it went!  It could be useful information for another Celexa user searching reddit one day.