To Mars and boldly beyond: space missions to look out for - Nasa has hatched an, arguably, even bolder plan to send a robotic spacecraft to grab a four-metre chunk of asteroid, tow it along and place it in orbit about the moon.
The accidental killing of two hostages in a U.S. operation against al-Qaida has put a new spotlight on the Obama administration's reliance on drones in the battle against terrorism - and has also raised pressure on the White House to revise the nation's oft-criticized strategy
After a coalition airstrike in March that left Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi seriously wounded and on the verge of death, the leader of the so-called Islamic State (IS) is no longer in full control of the violent militant group's day-to-day activities, sources have said.
U.S. Senator Lisa Murkowskis (R-AK) amendment to Congresss budget resolution passed by a vote of 51-49. The legislation would support and fund state efforts  which many argue are unconstitutional  to seize and sell Americas public lands.
All religions, by design, set people apart from one another by claiming their adherents are special and morally superior. This is utter bs. Religions pass moral judgments on unbelievers, while also attempting to force their morality on the societies they exist within. I'm expected to respect the folklore that the adherent lives by, but my rejection of this is seen as wrong. Without religion there is no war in the middle east, no rejection of LGBT rights, and no deaths because of rejecting religious beliefs.
This will sound cruel, but that's the problem today with our population's understanding of government. We want the condensed version of things because we're overworked and find our downtime better spent on having fun. I challenge you to dig deeper, because when the light finally comes on in your head, your understanding of the protections offered by our Constitution will result in a feeling of disappointment at where our leaders have taken this country in the past twenty-five years. I am a professional historian so if you'd like a complete list of books on this subject I'd be glad to provide it.
*Sunshine* was a very interesting sci-fi movie because it was well cast. I also found a theme in the way the characters were killed off. The characters that are sympathetic for the viewer died by fire, while the characters showing weakness of moral apathy died by freezing. Two died at human hands, and by knife. There is a consistent theme via death throughout the movie. It's a deep movie that asks some interesting questions.
Looking at the bigger picture, why has the Supreme Court shifted its support of free speech in elections from protecting voters to protecting corporations and large donors? It all begins with precedents and Citizens United set the stage for McCutcheon. More recently, the Court decided to break the barrier between church and state by deciding prayer before government meetings is acceptable.      Taking a closer look at the Justices themselves, five possess law degrees from Harvard, three have law degrees from Yale, and one attended law school at Columbia University. These are among the top five universities in the U.S., with the most millionaire alumni, and a rarefied atmosphere. The cost to earn a law degree from these universities averages $280k, well beyond the financial reach of average Americans.      As for religious convictions, there are six Catholics and three Jews sitting on the court. This doesn't bode well for the pro-choice crowd if another attack on Roe v. Wade takes place. How long will it take corporations to earn religious rights from the court?      We have six men on the court who bring a sense of entitlement to their positions, while the three women offset it with empathy. Most of the court's members have operated within the elite atmosphere populated by the very wealthy, and have lost touch with average American. We should be very afraid of the ideological reach enjoyed by the Supreme Court, and question its pivot in free speech from that of the average American to the wealthy and corporate elites.
First, there was no "Soviet juggernaut" waiting to push through Europe and the ideology belongs to the Traditionalism history espoused by W.E. Griffith or T.T. Hammond, according to Chris Ward, author of *Stalin's Russia*.      Revisionist historians such as J.L. Gaddis and R.C. Raack acknowledge the devastation inflicted on Russia by the Germans, but that Stalin hid the nation's weakness with oratory bluster and demonstrations of technological prowess (Sputnik, hydrogen bomb). The U.S. State Department lacked the personnel to properly evaluate the Soviet Union because of the Red Scare and McCarthy's accusations which resulted in the department losing a huge number of analyists.  As to the original question, Germany was rearmed because U.S. leadership believed it was a necessary deterrent, but the French demanded that the Germans host American soldiers as a means of keeping the German Army from reemerging as a threat.      Sources:    1. John Lewis Gaddis, The Cold War a New History (New York: Penguin Press, 2005).      2.Kenneth Osgood, Total Cold War: Eisenhowers Secret Propaganda Battle at Home and Abroad (Lawrence: University of Kansas, 2006).
My photojournalism professor, Ken Bisio, did a photo essay for Time on Russia's orphanages. State run orphanages didn't have names, and only given a number, instead. Many of the children were used for labor by local factories, and many were adopted by organized crime. These were Soviet-era conditions, and my hope is that contemporary conditions have improved.
You present a good point, and one I have heard but hadn't thought about; thank you for pointing that out.
I'm no Luddite and love technology as much as the next person, however, I'm also a realist. In geological terms, Homo sapiens have only spent an eye blink on this planet. During this short period we are responsible for an extinction level event that is on par with the loss of the dinosaurs. You won't have to decide on who lives/dies during the great die off, nature will do that. I hear people say, "We must save the planet, we're killing it." This planet will be just fine; it will bounce back and continue to spin. It's the people that really have to worry.
Because you need evidence of the government's involvement in creating and punishing race related crimes, I'm giving a nice list of books to help you along. If you're still confused about government or corporate responsibility in creating a police state dependent on racial profiling after reading this list, then there really isn't much hope that you'll ever understand the problem.  The Black worker : race, labor, and civil rights since emancipation - Eric Arnesen  Popular culture in the age of white flight : fear and fantasy in suburban Los Angeles - Eric Avila  Civilities and civil rights : Greensboro, North Carolina, and the Black struggle for freedom - William Chafe  Uplifting the race : Black leadership, politics, and culture in the twentieth century - Kevin Gaines  Colored people : a memoir - Henry Gates  Urban revolt : ethnic politics in the nineteenth-century Chicago labor movement - Eric Hirsch  The ruptures of American capital : women of color feminism and the culture of immigrant labor - Grace Hong  Race and the making of American liberalism - Carol Horton  White flight : Atlanta and the making of modern conservatism - Kevin Kruse  The silent majority : suburban politics in the Sunbelt South - Matthew Lassiter  Suburban warriors : the origins of the new American Right - Lisa MacGirr  Black Americans and organized labor : a new history - Paul Moreno  My blue heaven : life and politics in the working-class suburbs of Los Angeles, 1920-1965 - Becky Nicolaides  Working toward whiteness : how America's immigrants became white - David Roediger  The city : Los Angeles and urban theory at the end of the twentieth century - Allen Scott  American Babylon : race and the struggle for postwar Oakland - Robert Self  Fenians, freedmen, and southern Whites : race and nationality in the era of Reconstruction - Mitchell Snay  The origins of the urban crisis : race and inequality in postwar Detroit - Thomas Sugrue  The two reconstructions : the struggle for Black enfranchisement - Richard Valelly  Inventing the "American way" : the politics of consensus from the New Deal to the civil rights movement - Wendy Wall  Fight against fear : southern Jews and Black civil rights - Clive Webb
No, I won't stop it. That is the problem with the U.S.; too many people are willing to lay down and let shit happen to them. We are in the middle of a culture war with the nation's wealthy who base their opinions on appearance. The right car, college, diction, and associations all play into this paradigm. The reason no one is getting hired today is because there are no jobs. The wealthy have gutted the labor unions leaving very few institutions powerful enough to represent the poor. The latest budget fight is a glaring example of the lengths politicians are willing to go to protect the wealthy. Instead of stopping, you should be getting angry.
I'm with you on this one. I've said for years that the Legislative branch should only be allowed two terms, which is the same limit for the president. We now have congress people whose only goals are reelection, making money, and stepping into the revolving door of private industry. Remove the monetary incentive from the legislative process and the U.S. just might discover new leaders who want to improve their country instead of raping it.  Edit: [Here](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-503544_162-20075586-503544.html) is a little something to chew on.
Again, let me reply with all the patience and kindness that I can muster - I understand your inability to believe a story like mine. It doesn't fit into the narrative that governs your life. But my reality is that I will go to sleep tonight in my small room, and to the room on my right is an alcoholic, and to my left is a heroin addict, both fighting their own inner demons. I'm sure if someone sat down to talk with them that their lives would appear unbelievable as well. As for myself, I'm not some mysterious soldier; anyone possessing a TS/SCI clearance and signed that little paper given at the beginning and end of any debriefing can attest to the fact that there are mandatory monetary and penal consequences for anyone who reveals state secrets. I also didn't say there are no friends or family I can rely on; I did say that most of them are walking that thin line that I've fallen below. This is my current reality and I will recover from it, but the barriers in my path are very real whether or not they fit into your narrative.