I've been driving for a week in Philly. Don't worry about it.  Just drive around. If you do airport pickups then tell them to sit in the front.  and if they do impound your car then just call lyft and get reimbursed for your car.
Crappy LTE speeds with Unlimited data
I think mostly everyone wants Pac-Man to win. But we all think realistically Mayweather will win. If this fight had taken place few years ago then maybe Pac-Man could've won.  All that said though, I hope Pac-Man wins!
til dont read forbes
Happy Palm Sunday
Totally agree.  Homework believe it or not is going to be the best thing to help you do the best down the road. And you can make lots of mistakes in high school and it wont matter. But that wont fly in college when you have a short timeframe and are under pressure from a bunch of equal weigted classes.   In a nutshell study and do those homework problems.
[NP] Women in India   **This post is going to come off as very arrogant. But I promise you that its meant in a good gesture.**  So i grew up in US for the past 20 years and before that I was born and lived for the 7 best years of my life in India. That said, few months back I went to India to "find a wife". I really didn't want to go but I went anyway for the sake of my parents.   Anyway, I pretty much grew up as a beta male. Was always taught to be the nice guy and suck it up. Partly because our culture, religion, and upbringing has formed me to be this way. And honestly I enjoy being this way.  However when I went to India I realized that alot of girls are alpha females. They're disrespectful, arrogant and self-centered, etc. But at the same time they were confident, self-assured, smart, etc. Now don't get me wrong not all girls were like that but many were.   I guess my question to you guys is : * How should the current generation of guys with our upbringing get used to this? (because in all honesty our culture hasn't prepped us for this) * What happened to Indian girls? (was it the competition, pressure, etc)
Ibis White for the win!
So I'm in somewhat of a pickle that only desis would relate with.  I am currently working at job where I dont have a real future because we got acquired last year and our business goals are different than when I started with them.   Now on my table I have an offer for almost the same salary at a defense contractor for something that I really want to work on. Asp.net (for anyone curious). I will lose 10 vacation days and stuff but that's one issue.   The one issue that is troubling for me and I'm sure my parents is that I was supposed to go to India in November to go look for a significant other and get engaged. My current company offers me to take a month off since i have 25 days. So not sure what to do...  I dont really want to go to India in November because I think it will be a waste of money and I wont find anyone but also would like to just find someone and get on with it.
The Nativity. Every Christmas.
thanks!
Premium online tv account   I know many of you have ditched cable but would love to still have access to various premium channels. Im offering all of the following plus various FIOS TV channels. All for $30/month  Comes with :  Showtime Anytime  HBO  Cinemax  Starz  Encore  Epix  WatchESPN  Fox  Nick  CNN  CNN HN  TNT  TBS  Tru  Adult Swim  Cartoon Network  Comedy Central  MTV  VH1  Spike  BET  Speed 2  Fox  Big Ten Network BBC America BBC World CNBC Bloomberg  Cooking Channel DIY Epix Food Network HGTV NFL Network Travel  TV Guide
Chariots of Fire - Eric Liddel.  Side note. Gods not dead was an awesome movie. It was great to see someone stand up for faith when most people shy away.
Duh! Thats whats written
I absolutely love the red letters for what Jesus spoke.  You know what would be cool? How about what God spoke in Blue?  i dont like references. It just gets in the way of reading the passage. And i absolutely cannot stand that there are no gaps at the left and right of the pages. I understand bibles need to be minituarized but there should still be some space.  Make paragraphs. Alot of time ur just reading a constant group of text. It would be great if paragraphs could be added. I see it as a positive thing for grouping content, supporting contextual reading, and lastly offering people the optiong to pace through the text.
sprite?