I have been looking at every bit of information on my college's website/handbook/guideline/etc. for the past 5 months, even before I received admission so I think i'm at least providing all the info.  There are other classes in the informatics department which would fulfil the requirement but... it's restricted as well.
Downloading this game now, whats the population?
He's just... incomprehensible to me. The way he writes his music and structures it is just.. foreign...  I think this work really sums up what I mean. It's gorgeous! But at the same time, I don't understand anything!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcmO4AKmeDc
Starting college next month and i'm completely introverted and somewhat antisocial. Will I really be able to make friends? How?
TIFU by trying to talk dirty to my GF   So we were having a really hot make out/foreplay session and I (who was super horny), trying to be fucking suave, decided to just look her in her eyes to ramp up the hotness.  Our eyes lock on to each other and it was incredibly hot and beautiful and I decided to talk dirty. In the heat of the moment I said: "My tits are waiting for you".   Let's just say the night ended there.
Definitely not your standard repertoire but this giant has to be introduced: Louis Spohr's "The Final Judgement"
If anything, I think companies will usually value diversity over speciality so long as you have the necessary skillset.Just my 2c, one employer I talked to once told me that when he goes through job applications, it is the masters/phd degree that makes you who you are.
Sometimes I feel as though my engineering field isn't "real" engineering compared to ME,EE,CE,BME, etc. I really really love stuff that involves GIS,GPS,GNSS,Geodesy, etc. Was really inspired after using Google Earth for the first time and used to handmake crude maps of my countryside and local forests when I was younger so I decided to go into Geomatics. However... while employment isn't a real problem, i'm considering changing to Civil or Environmental just for added breadth as that's what my peers tell me I should do...
If object X produces a sound at 50dB and object Y produces a sound at 50 dB, will having both sounds together produce a sound of 100 dB?
Historically, was the Invisible Hand useful as an idea?
What were the pros and cons of Greek Direct Democracy (In context of Ancient/Classical Greece)?   So far, i've been reading to no avail. What i've found is that some limitations included: - Women, Slaves, Foreigners were excluded - Men, regardless of education, were allowed to vote so some uneducated people could be making important political decisions - Unpopular but necessary decisions would not be likely passed (can't find examples though)  Pros: - Allowed a representation of what the people want.
About writing music, i've composed a few musical pieces, mostly for the piano like double and triple fugues and etudes though i've sketched out an incomplete symphony (only the first movement)  I don't think i'll ever be a band leader, not really interested in leading, I just want to play music aha  And about the type of prog, i'm still relatively new to prog so i'm open to everything right now :)  Thank you for such a detailed reply! I'm going to watch those links now.
For people living in residential colleges, how was the interview process like? Any advice?
It's freezing down here in Melbourne!
GUYS SERIOUSLY, WHY DID YOU DO THIS TO ME. I HAVE REAL LIFE FRIENDS ON REDDIT WHO NOW KNOW THIS
I posted this last time and no one upvoted it!