So my friend, Antonio, was found short of money after his big trading deal seemed to go south. Problem was he and I had made a deal with a loan-shark called Shylock who was demanding a pound of his flesh as the insurance cost for a loan.   I was there at the trial, we had the money, but the loan-shark demanded his pound of flesh. Anyway, the day was saved by a lawyer's assistant called Balthazar, except that I didn't realise that it was in fact my wife in disguise! She managed to save Antonio but at the end, while in disguise, she demanded my wedding ring as a tribute for her service in saving my friend.  Anyway, it was a bit of a trick as when I arrived home she castigated me for giving away my wedding ring. I tried to explain but she was furious. Eventually she admitted the truth, that she was Balthazar.   We don't like to talk about it. And that is what really happened.
Stand up and publicly explain why animal research is important.   In 2006, when I was a student at Oxford, UK, extremists were putting bombs in college buildings and declaring students "legitimate targets". A small group of us organised a counter-rally to a national animal rights demonstration despite many people saying it was madness.   In the end almost 1,000 students and scientists marched through the streets in support of biomedical research while only around 400 animal rights activists turned up for their demo (at the same time). More info on it: http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2006/feb/25/animalwelfare.highereducation  I have helped organise similar demonstrations in Milan, Italy and Los Angeles, USA.
Squeeze the tea bag (PG tips), with milk, no sugar,  Orwell once wrote if you can drink tea without sugar for two weeks you'll never go back - worked for me.
The Islamic State has been gaining thousands of followers just through its own successes - doing nothing is not much of an alternative.   I agree that bombing Iraq, and civilian casualties that result, will create some extremists, but I think doing nothing could be worse. If the Iraqi government can regain control of the country it is the best chance to reduce the number of extremists.
The Week in Animal Research - 19th Sept 2014
Except they haven't. Students might be paying a bit longer (hello graduate tax) but they aren't paying any more. They're in LESS debt than before, because they pay nothing up front (I had to pay my fees up front many years ago). I say this as a former teacher who had to explain the new system to students.  The fact they said they'd do one thing, and did another, is a fair frustration - they should have abstained - they're paying the price for that.
yup - well done
We're starting to get somewhere.   In 2011 there was a report of using electrical stimulation to allow someone paralysed below the waist to walk again: http://speakingofresearch.com/2011/05/20/a-paralysed-man-stands-again-thanks-to-animal-research/
I'm British, thus "maths".
or better dexterit  Might try that. I de-set the kit a few weeks back, it's cased up and waiting to be set up in my new house (will be re-skinning as well). The Zil-Bel I might return to putting it on top of the china (felt, china, felt, zil-bel, felt, wingnut).   I have a pearl icon rack in the picture, but too many things to rack everything (it already carried the four high toms and most of the cymbals).   You're correct on the china - I only use the tip on the right hand one. I could invert the left one, not sure if there is much advantage though.
A bit of it is perspective. The four crashes are almost touching each other. Their height is eye level, which suits me well. Perhaps this picture will make it a bit easier to see: http://i.imgur.com/mll48ib.jpg The smallest roto-tom is awfully positioned, but it was either keep it there and balance the other two, or just remove it - it doesn't get in the way even if it is almost untouchable. Agree with your point though.  12" drum is perspective again, you could almost put a ruler along the top three toms and it would lie on all the skins.   China's are actually the normal way round - but many people prefer them upside down. I don't - since I often play them with the stick tip in the middle.  Floor tom's are touching, but there is a cramping issue which is why the 16" tom is a little too far to the right for comfort.   Appreciate the thoughts though.
That is a ridiculous video. It takes footage from what looks to be 30-40 years ago. The video says clinical investigation is "the ONLY valid kind" - how exactly are you going to discover the patterns of disease, or which treatment works without clear large number of very similar patients and control groups (so as to have scientific rigour).  "Any disease which is provoked is unlike any disease which arrives spontaneously". WHAT?! We have treated many diseases successfully by creating models - that is the principle of biological science.  There are so many factual errors throughout that video
The mouse study is interesting. It does show significant failings of mouse models for three conditions. It's a good peer reviewed paper.  Note the paper doesn't suggest to stop using animals, it says we need to improve the models. Read this specific reply to the paper in question: http://speakingofresearch.com/2013/02/15/why-mice-may-succeed-in-research-when-a-single-mouse-falls-short/
The article isn't an argument for animal research - it was never intentioned as such - this is why it doesn't have any arguments for research in it. It's about the relationship between animal-use movements.  In regards to your argument: - No billions of animals are not bought yearly. It is likely to number about 100 million (that's the estimate from animal rights groups).  - I can't talk for research in lesser developed countries, but in the US and EU research can only take place when the researcher can show there was no other method that would work and that the benefit outweighs the cost - so not "pointless experimentation".  - Our genetic differences are far overwhelmed by our genetic similarities. This can be even closer when you look at genetically modified mice which have humanised genes. You should also note that humans are not genetically identical (far from it) yet you would not argue that human tests work.  - Human skin cultures are a brilliant development and are widely used - but cannot tell you about how organs react, or how drugs move through the body, or their mechanisms of action - they are limited and are used alongside animal experiments.
Brandon, thank you for your reply.  We are indeed all on the same side in both wishing for further medical advances and wishing for the continued development of alternative methods. The 3Rs, developed by two scientists in the 50s, have been the cornerstone of animal welfare - aiming for the refinement, replacement and reduction of animal research (something we should all agree on). There are some promising technologies in the pipeline that should replace some bits of animal research (lung-on-a-chip is a more recent one), however there is no sign of technologies that can replace all of animal use for medical research, nor is there a sign that new areas won't continue to be developed with a need for animal use.  This link was aimed at informing people on both sides (it was also posted elsewhere) as to how projects are taken from being an idea to a study.  You are right when you say scientifically minded people should go with the best results, and then add a healthy dose of leaning against animal use. However, you cannot get a project approved if there are alternative methods available. In the UK that is checked by the Home Office, in the US it is checked by the Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee.
You'll note that deaths in Stage I clinical trials are almost unheard of. Certainly no deaths in the UK for the past 30 years and only one major incident (TGN1412). So animal research remains a crucial step to protecting people.  Secondly, most animal research is not for testing drugs, it is for developing drugs and in that stage it is crucial. You can't cut up a human to see how a disease is spreading or how it works. How would you get a breakthrough medicine like the HPV vaccine (against cervical cancer) which is originally a mouse protein - without the use of animals?