Yep that's the site I've been looking at lol.
No job, no juice!   So, I've been without a job for a bit now, and I can't justify spending money on things I don't need. I've got money for bills and such, but my home is definitely more important than vaping lol. Calling on the kindness of a stranger to help me out of a tight spot. Anything you might be giving I'm taking! Thanks for reading (:
Don't downvote him guys, he just ran out of bombies. We've all been there
Glitter is a great way to close a wound I hear...
AC4: Black Flag. Any tips on white whales?   I'm trying to go back and complete this game 100%, are there any tips on finding white whales? No one plays this on my friends list anymore so there's not much hope on having it shared to me. Xbox 360 for those who are wondering.
I was in a spot where I needed to force cold air into the engine, that's what I had to do. I didn't come here for support with my decisions, I came here for help. It's applicable to the problem so I included it. From what I've read it should cool down when I rev the engine or go around 60 if its the fan clutch right? I shouldn't have to hit 100mph to get results. I feel like it cooled down there because there was so much air going into the engine. Is there a definite way to tell if it's one or the other without tearing it apart? I live in an apartment complex that doesn't care for me disassembling my car in the parking lot lol
I had a similar experience, I was just drinking some vodka for the happiness buff and my frame rate dropped insanely low. Like we're talking black screen except for a minute every couple hours. Next thing I know I've spawned at this stone query (fortunately I didn't lose any gear) and my pre 2000 update vehicle I just grinded currency for was missing its bumper. The devs really need to work on this.
Geez calm down no need to yell
:c
/u/TrollaBot train_subject1642
Lol sorry if it was too vague. Just caught my attention and I got a kick out of it.
She looks like she's crying..?
With a 9 wrap parallel you'll get the same surface area as an 18 wrap with lower  though is the point I'm making I guess. But definitely if you can push more power through the coils you'll get comparable results.
11 months in:  "This park is really clean and tidy"
Touche'!
Living in a remodeled uhaul truck until I'm done with a road trip, so I'd be a bit more concerned with the appearance of a hallway