Whoa thea bub! Watch what you be sayin about my Moxie! But for real I think I am the only person in Portland who actually enjoys the stuff.
This is pretty close to correct. Most concussions actually occur through falling and are unrelated to helmets. Essentially your brain moves inside of your cerebrum and slams into the inner walls. Its like slamming on the breaks in your car. Any fast motion with a sudden stop yield potential for a concussion. Bad juju for the developing brain
[Kel has orange soda too](http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view6/2429821/kel-loves-orange-soda-o.gif). It's a joke from an American sketch comedy kids show in the mid 90's called All That.
I agree with all three points entirely. He certainly does have great form. I've just always been taught to keep back straight with weight centered. It's always really cool to see all of the differences between different practices and schools. I wouldn't say one is more valid than the other; just different.  Speaking of which - That tsuka is huge! I have seen some schools lean towards longer tsukas. We have a Toshindo dojo in my city that does a lot of sword practice and they all have extremely long tsuka from what I can tell (Toshindo and their sword practice is a different discussion entirely). Almost seems like it'd be obstructive, but Mr. Threadgill makes it work; impressive.
Not enough warriors references on reddit
Willa by Stephen King
Luckily no. My buddy was moving and I've always driven his truck in the past. Made him drive it this time and taught him how - How sick he got (nerves) made me wonder what would happen if he did hit something.
That's the site!
Upvote for the giants glass.
What gets to me is when the book  is used as a vehicle to propel an individuals ideals. The Shack for example was a great concept for an excellent novel, but was essentially a sermon. While I am an agnostic (I admittedly lean towards atheism) I respect and support all religious beliefs and will continue to do so until there is empiracle evidence one way or the other, and will always respect an individuals believes regardless of their validity. I find theology fascinating and see a huge amount of potential in it as a tool or topic. I become turned off when the story feels cheapened because the author writes it to talk about his religion. Those are typically books I'd avoid, but that's difficult in instances like The Shack.   As an aside I do become agitated with false logic. As a scientist I have the obligation to remain open minded to all possibilities but also an obligation to laws of nature and logical reasoning. There is a book titled something like 'Why science can't disprove god' which sets out to say god must be real because science can't prove otherwise. That's wrong on several levels - primarily in that the burden of proof lie with the accusor (If you say something is real you must provide the evidence; I.e Bigfoot) and that **science is not an enemy or religion**. We simply cannot test it so we move on and concern ourselves with things we can.
Whoa, what do you think you're doing? Only Garth and I get to make Wayne's World references!
That book... just... I don't even know what to say about that one scene in the cave. You know the one. Only King could write that and not have Chris Hansen kick in his door with the Dateline crew. It's weird how he managed to turn that into a POSITIVE thing - I think that is what makes it one of the most horrifying books of all time. It can make the reader see something positive about something so fucked up no matter how uncomfortable you feel.
This is excellent. I spent most of my undergrad in neurophysiology but was always somewhat interested in the behavioral side. My SO, however, is a therapist who works at one of our cities high schools. I'll have to show her this; it could certainly be good for her to check out. Hell, if nothing else maybe it'll get her to come to a game night and try it herself!  Either way - best of luck and I sincerely am bummed that I am on the wrong coast to attend. If you have someone film we'd love to see the footage!
Barrow your clothes, your boots, and your motorcycle.
One huge thing you can add to an altoids kit is salt and sugar. Instead of using packets buy a pack of drinking straws (preferably multiple colors) and pinch one end with needle-nose plyers over a candle to crimp. Measure in 1 table spoon of salt. Crimp open end same as first. Repeat for sugar. This will create waterproof and compact storage. The W.H.O recommends treatment for diarrheal diseases and dehydration with a mixture of salt and sugar in clean water (where there is no access to medicine or medical attention. Eg refugee camps). I'm on mobile and don't remember the ratios but a quick Google search will pull that up.
Beer Slip N' Slides?