Annihilation Movie Gains Momentum at Paramount with Alex Garland (EXCLUSIVE)   I just finished the 3-in-1 version of the Southern Reach Trilogy today and was very impressed by it. I know the link is old, but there's been no news about the film since the announcement of the director. Has anyone else heard anything, or if not, what are your expectations for the film?  http://variety.com/2014/film/news/annihilation-alex-garland-1201343824/
Serve and Entrap
'Thank Oden'  Why are you thanking a bowl of Japanese noodles?
Should have gotten Mo'ne Davis to 'throw like a girl'.
Yep. Budweiser made a commercial about how their beer is designed to just get you drunk, not be enjoyed.
Feels really moon.
I think someone should stop beating around the bush and make a live action Evangelion film.
Feels gud, bro.
And now she'll take even longer, just to piss you off because you asked her to hurry up.
No Trueno AE86? It's like these people have never heard of Initial D.
To go beyond the impossible and kick reason to the curb.
*THAT scene*. If you've seen it, you know the one I mean. If you haven't seen [End of Evangelion](/s "it's the scene where Shinji faps to comatose Asuka.")
The dub of Kill la Kill sounds pretty shit honestly, if the previews are any indication.
Yoshida Takurou - Cro High  The Pillows - FLCL  Base Ball Bear - Toshokan Sensou  Onmyouza - Basilisk  Galneryus - Mnemosyne  Younha - Bleach  Oreskaband - Bleach  Abingdon Boys School - Darker than Black  Nirgilis - Eureka Seven  Asian Kung-Fu Generation - Naruto  L`arc~en~Ciel - FMA  JAM Project - Soul Taker  Kishida Kyoudan and the Akeboshi Rockets - HSOTD  Angela - Uchuu no Stellvia  Scudelia Electro - King of Bandits Jing  Little by Little - Naruto  Goose House - Silver Spoon  Sambomaster - Naruto  Last Alliance - Real Drive  9mm Parabellum Bullet - Real Drive  Afromania - Gurren Lagann  High Voltage - Gurren Lagann  Under17 - M0use  Unicorn - Space Brothers
I'm just waiting for the brakes to come off the Seo rage train.
Dotonburi Robo. Also, if you get an external, name it Gamagoori.