Ah cool cool, my mistake
I work I'm a supermarket that's located in a tourist town. The amount of "damaged" items that pile up everyday is simply astonishing to me. If a box of cereal has a small tear in it - the box, not the sealed bag inside - into the damage pile it goes.  The company I work for does give some edible food to the local food banks and donate non-edible food to pig farms, but I feel like there's more that could be done. Does anyone know of a way I can lobby to have them do more?
Discrepancy detected
Woah, just, no words for this. 12/10
[Help] Should I buy a heavily used Galaxy S3 or a new Galaxy Grand Prime?   I'm in need of a phone and this will be the first that I ever own. Due to my relatively small budget I don't have many options. I've narrowed my choices down to a used Galaxy S3 from Craigslist, or a brand new Galaxy Grand Prime from Amazon. After reviewing all the specifications for both phones I've found that the Grand Prime has an edge with almost every feature; screen size, battery life, camera resolution, weight...  The S3 does have a few things going for it though. Twice as much ram (2GB vs 1GB) and twice as much internal memory (16GB vs 8 GB). Although the internal memory shouldn't be a problem because I plan to use an SD card to expand it. The S3 also has a few extra sensors that the Grand Prime doesn't, such as a gyroscope.  One major factor that I'm considering is the fact that the S3's screen has many cracks in it, and I really would love the q-hd screen the Grand Prime has.  Thanks for any information!  TL;DR: I think the title sums it up.
"Is that my belt?"
[This is fantastic](http://i.imgur.com/1qWvcj6.png)
What's a song where the intro is the best part?
Here you go: [Hotel Chevalier](https://docs.google.com/file/d/0ByzNizVPh2zVRXFaMHhOelNfbHM/edit?pli=1). It's only 360p but I still enjoyed it.
I give it eleven minutes.
Moonrise Kingdom
Melee (weapon) as Mlee  Bichon Fris (dog) as Becon Fise, and before that I used to call them "Bacon Fries".
We can only hope they actually release the third announcement....
Yes, this is it! Thank you so much! I've been searching for this forever!
[TOMT] [Song] Modern(ish) Jazzy song?   I've only heard the song I'm looking for twice. Both times it was played on a radio station that plays bands like: AC/DC, Led Zeppelin, The Beatles, The Allman Brothers, Lynyrd Skynyrd and other bands, mostly from the 70's and 80's. I think it has piano, drums, bass, vocals and flute for most of it. Just one man is singing. I can't remember any of the lyrics to it. Please let me know if there is anything else that would help!   Edit: It's not a rock song at all. It sounds like it should be on an easy listening station or something like that  Edit 2: I took a look at some more Jethro Tull songs and the one I'm looking for sounds a lot like Jethro Tull's [Serenade To A Cuckoo cover](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zh4GZJlQCfY) except with a singer and more upbeat.
Hi Julian. I just wanted to say that when I  watched the Back Then music video, you blew me away with it. I think you have really reached a new level in your filmmaking. I hope you get to where you want to go soon, be it Hollywood, or just the rest of the internet.