Needs more bubblegum
Thanks for the reply!
How funny, I'm in the middle of that book right now! On page 261 he says:  "I tear at my body armor and get it opened. With my right hand on the the sleeve that holds my five-pound front armor plate, I grab the insurgent's hair and ram his head forward, jamming his chin into his chest. He's pinned in place now. All I have to do is finish him.  I beat him with the inside of my armor plate. I smash it against his face again and again and again until blood flows all over the inside of my shirt. He kicks and flails and screams. Every scream gets cut off by another blow from the plate..."
That's really badass.
Totally agree. I work for a consulting firm and we see this problem a lot in the private sector too. Companies take their best computer programmer, who loves what he does, and say "Hey this guy needs to be a manager!" Then they promote him to a job he hates and force him to deal with paperwork and HR issues instead of programming.   If you have great technicians, reward them for being great technicians, don't try to wedge them into a role they don't want or aren't good at.
100% agree
Wow that's really great to see. Thanks for posting!
Haha same here!
Ha, that's pretty awesome.
They are pretty shabby. Same goes for any of those "all-in-one" gadgets you find from Chinese/Hong Kong sellers. I bought an MP3/MP4 video/music player. The video function never worked and it would only let you listen to tracks straight through. If you tried to skip ahead or shuffle it would reboot itself. Total crap.
God I'm totally with you guys. I had a great day yesterday, ate healthy, worked out and figured I could do it again today...nope! Had projects galore pop up and will now have to skip working out, eat something fast and work until 9 to get it all done.  The only advice I have is to think of all the work you're getting done as one step closer to improving your life overall. I just log every major project and late night I have so I can bring it up during my review.
Thank you! I can't believe I had to go this far in to find a level-headed post like this. Personally some of my best memories are playing Battlefront on my 360 with my brothers, so I'm looking forward to doing it again in the future.
VII is still the best game I've ever played. I seriously can still pick up that game and have a great time.   After that it goes:  VI X VIII Tactics V XII XIII
Congrats!
I'm usually pretty internationalist, but lately I feel like we should just tell the Middle East "screw you guys, I'm going home" and let that region work itself out.  I know it would create a safe haven for terrorist, mess up our oil supply, humanitarian disater, etc. but seriously it feels like it's just going to be a perpetual clusterfuck over there.
Even though I'm a dude, I always connected with Tifa. I think I've usually got good intentions and feel responsible for those around me no matter what I do. And I liked that she was always trying to cheer everyone up when things got tough.