I thought it was funny. :)
They are a rare find now, especially on the more popular beaches. Most are now found with a metal detector. I went to a beach off the beaten path looking for seaglass and found these. It was pretty exciting.
They are such wonderful, intelligent, and loving dogs. I fell in love with him the moment I saw him. He was the runt. The discount puppy (free because they were going to put him down), and I can't imagine his litter mates turning out any bigger or more beautiful than him. He's quite an amazing pup!
This was taken in Utah.
Thank you!
Ommigosh!!! This is the cutest thing!!!  I love it!!!
I moved to Okinawa, Japan last week... It's mid 60's-70's here and he's indoor only. His fur became extremely matted during transport. I would not have shaved him unless it was necessary.
Here you go!  http://i.imgur.com/0ElitX1.jpg
For now , we are staying with my boyfriend. The house will be rebuilt eventually and I do have coverage on it's contents. Most will be replaced, but the memories attached to certain items and all the keepsakes, trophies, they are gone and I can't get them back. My car was totaled as well, It really wasn't worth very much and I'm not sure what I'm going to do there. Thankfully I do have insurance. My neighbor has no coverage on her vehicle or contents. She now has to start completely over. She's also a single mother of two. Through it all she was still trying to give me some of what she was able to salvage. It breaks my heart.
I'm ridiculously impressed... It was a bitch to get the damn thing in there. Kinda glad I don't have to worry about how I'm gonna get it out now.
*her
She's the cutest thing I've ever seen!
As someone who deals in the used textbook industry... There is a website called bigwords.com, it lists all the textbook cos and there prices for the books you need, new and used, as well as sell back prices. If you keep your books in good condition, you can sell back your books with free shipping for waaaay more than the local bookstore. There are also some sites that have stores near campus that you can print off your invoice and walk in to the store to get the online price or cash. It saddens me that most college students are unaware of this.
It's probably vacuum sealed with pimento cheese. Pop the seal on that shit and you'll get sucked the fuck in!
*doe- a deer, a female deer.
I'm with you on this... All for a little bit of karma... Awww it's so cute!!! Yeah and will be dead in 3 days because some dumbass picked it up for a few upvotes.