Pm please?
Does anybody still play Minecraft on Xbox 360?   All of the people I used to play with have migrated to different games or the One. So if you still play this please add GT:  "CianHatesPeople."
When I seen the thumbnail I assumed puppeteers would be under the table but they're fully visible! I love this so much. If you're willing to have writers on comic con panels the puppeteers should be there too.   This is a very rare occurrence and I'm surprised it happened. It's probably the only thing I disagree with Jim Henson on, he was on the side of always keeping the puppeteers a secret.  EDIT: Also wow that whole Promo we seen is completely thrown out the window. I will say the plot to this show sounds more Muppets Tonight that The Muppets Show.
Yes! Thank you so much. That's perfect. I'll make a post here when it's done, and I'll send everyone who was in it PM's is well.
Have you seen the original Star Wars movie? If not, please read on.   I have a few friends who have never seen Star Wars and I've recorded them telling me the plot of the movie from what they've heard in pop culture. I'm going to edit it into a big supercut to try and create a story that resembles some amount of sense, and I'll probably animate some of it.  However I need more clips to make it the way I want. So you haven't seen Star Wars, have a spare five minutes and half a camera/webcam/camera phone could you please record yourself describing what you believe the plot of Star Wars is beginning to end?  Then just pop it onto youtube and post it on here or PM me. Obviously if you do those things I'm assuming you don't mind the footage being put into the final project (Which will just be put onto youtube.)  I believe this has been done before but just with one person, plus this is just a little Summer project for me.
They mostly used blue screen until Superman. And then they were like: shit we need a new colour.
Like today :(
There used to be a pretty popular tinychat for teens on reddit but no one is really on it nowadays. I think it would be quite nice to get it popular again for this Summer.   This is the tinchat: http://tinychat.com/khsunny786 and there is a subreddit at /r/teenagerstinychat  EDIT: A lot of people are coming and leaving when they see there is not many people on. If you come on you could just leave it on in the background until some people join :)
Yeah but it wasn't called that then.
1. Happy late-Birthday. 2. Try doing driving related things and see if it hurts. 3. If it does, you should probably cancel. The driving instructor won't mind. The decision will mostly only affect you so do what is best for you. 4. If it doesn't hurt GO PASS THAT TEST EYELIKEPIE2!!
As somebody who doesn't anything about WOW or MMO culture I am very familiar with Leeroty Jenkins. It's not a very unknown thing.
I feel like there hasn't been enough discussion about the fact that Scott has chosen a catchphrase.   It's been a big staple of the show for a few years now and he finally chose one. It's a pretty big step in terms of canon of the show.
Sonic Screwdriver
Do you have to watch the show in the correct order?   I stopped watching season 1 but I forget where I was. Can I just jump into whatever episode appears interesting to me or is there a strict continuity in later episodes. I remember the first few episodes being quite form free.
I con't belieb dat.
A short film I made got into a film festival and I got to watch it on the big screen. I feel like I've already accomplished a life goal!   I didn't win anything for it so my family seem to assume I'm upset but it was so great to see it in the cinema I don't really care. I just really wanted to share how happy I am with you guys. Have ye accomplished anything that you thought would be a life long goal?  [This] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7GakCW6MWY)  is the film if any of you are interested in watching by the way. It's not very long or very good but I enjoyed making it a lot. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7GakCW6MWY)