But I've never heard Cheney, despite his faults, disparage POWs.  It's one thing to avoid war. It's another to avoid war and then insult those who served.
There's a lot of books I feel that way about too. I think this is especially true of most classics.  Yeah, don't worry about being a little off my question. I'm not one of those hardcore redditors who scream when someone strays from the question or topic's content.
To say nothing of the fact that Oklahoma wasn't in the Confederacy. So they can't claim the lame "heritage" stance.
What was a book that you hated when it started out but ended up loving?   Just finished reading The Goldfinch. I couldn't stand it when it started out (this line sent me over the edge, "someone could have mistaken her for being Icelandic").  However as I got into it, it turned out to be a really good book.  What was your favorite turnaround?
GOP Congressman Thinks Donald Trump May Have Been Planted By The Democrats
Sign me up please
UNIX Command Guide
Then you need to read Blood Meridian.
Trump Leads in New Poll, Making GOP Sweat
Scott Walkers Unruly Wisconsin
EDIT, did manage to find the story in full. The study cited by WSJ is old data from 1992-2003 whereas the study referenced by NASA was conducted between 1991-2011, a much wider breadth of data that includes practically an entire decade of additional information compared to the survey cited by WSJ.  If you read the NASA link it shows the reference to IOPublishing, which conducted the research of peer-reviewed journals, citing its sources and who compiled it.
Bush: "Longer Hours" comment taken out of context
"Don't the poor understand that they are better off when the rich make more?" (or something like that)  -Jack Donaghy, 30 Rock
Well the point I'm trying to make is that people can't stand Congress but they like their representative. They don't seem to understand that their representative is part of the problem. Their local votes have a nationwide impact.
Doesn't everything really start at the end of a screw?
NYSE trading halted; stocks extend losses as China, Greece weigh