This has to do with the Ni in us not seeing 'things' as thing per se. We don't see differentiation in objects of activities.   Plus, we don't want to just take the world as it is, and live a mindless, soulless, ready-made life jusr because.   Nonetheless, this does present practical difficulties.   Edit: And we see ourselves as outside the world, reflecting on it instead of acting in it.
What is the best Nietzsche biography?   Leaning toward getting the Walter Kaufmann one, but what do you think?  Thanks.
Im with you 100% on that, and have said the same thing here before.
Then why don't these good cops ever stand up and denounce the bad cops and the officials and system that not only protects but rewards their corruption and abuse?  For example: You get paid time off for killing someone if you're a cop.  Do any of the supposed good cops have a problem with that?  No, they circle the wagons with all the rest.  EDIT: Downvote and run without a rebuttal if you can't handle the truth.
Thats true. But i mean the content of what he says, not how it actually  sounds. Im surehe has a lot of interesting things in his head, but whenever it comes out his mouth as anything other than a song it is just anticlimactic and boring. Seems like he has become a caricature if himself, and thinks he needs to put on this persona. Gets old.
A copy of Kierkegaard's Fear and Trembling was sitting on the back of the toilet at my brother's place. Noticed it had a quote from a Dylan song on one of the first pages (from Highway 61). That was about 20 years ago. Was tranfixed with SK for a good decade. Have since moved on to other existentialists and Taoism most recently. It is the only real philosophy that touches everything in a person and elsewhere, because if the paradox and individualism and subjectivity of it all.
nbc and the nytimes have since corroborated it.  news in pakistan has corroborated it.  you really expect him to name the source?  now you sound like an administration spokesperson.  he names the source, the source spends the rest of his life in prison.  you want propaganda, watch "zero dark thirty", or try to make sense of the many various incomplete and contradictory explanations coming from the white house.  don't you think it's bizarre they never produced any photos of bin laden's body?  obama said that's because we don't "spike the football".  hogwash.  they released the video of saddam being hung, and guadafi being killed, etc.  the pictures don't correspond to their story, that's why they weren't released.
the government has taken those incentives away.  i'm currently unemployed.  it's not about more jobs or less jobs.  if it was, we could dig holes and fill them up.  "it" being standard of living.  the dollar used to go further (its value has been destroyed by the fed) - that is why women have to work.  that creates bubbles which all destroys the middle class.  government and banks have to get out of the way.  read irwin schiff's piece and check out fredric bastiat's "the seen and the unseen", and murray rothbard's "what has the government done to our money?"  very short and pdf's available online.
Not really.  If he thinks the play was blown and it "absolutely" was clear to the Clippers what they were running, then he should have taken the timeout then and drawn up another play.  Teams would be finishing close games all the time with one timeout left if they always had to save it just in case they couldn't get the ball in.  Plus, trust your team to throw an in-bounds pass.
Self-inflicted hair cut.
Ive been there. One thing I had to realize is that existence doesnt mean stasis. Things grow and change and learn.   I would highly recommend checking out Taoism. Discovering it has done wonders for me. The two primary texts are The Tao Te Ching and The Book of Chuang Tzu. But also get The Watercourse Way by Alam Watts as a primer. Taoism shares much with existentialism, but not everything. It is not a religion or philosophy. Essentially, it is the way of nature. Becoming aware of it has helped me realize my place in the world, and helped rid me of existential angst, etc. Anyway, I cant do it justice here, but very strongly recommend it.
"It is required of me, both implicitly and explicitly, that I remain in a state of continual near-explosion  passionate about this, excited about that, looking forward to something else. If not, I am antisocial, a grumpy old man."
Police kill unarmed man, initially tell family he killed himself. Say he was holding girlfriend hostage, strangling her, she was calling for help, and numerous other lies. She denies their account.
DOJ Deputy AG, James Cole, (as he heads toward the revolving door) on why individual bankers who broke the law were not prosecuted: "We are dealing with financial rocket science."
How banks systematically steal from you (one of the many ways). This is my experience.   I went to Wells Fargo to deposit a paycheck.  They told me it wouldn't register in my account until the next business day.  As I recall, it was about noon.  After depositing the check, I called my employer, who also happened to be my dad.  I asked him if he could look at his account and see if the money I had just deposited had been withdrawn from his account.  (He banked with a different bank than Wells Fargo.)  In fact, the money had been withdrawn from his account.  This means that the money wasn't in his account and it wasn't in my account.  *Where was it?*  That's right: In Wells Fargo's account....until the next business day.    Every day for every paycheck/deposit after a certain time, they don't register it in the depositor's account until the next business day.  This means that they use the money themselves, lend against it, etc.  They have and use this significant rolling cushion of money that isn't theirs, that inflates their reserves by a given, though slightly varying, amount every day.  They position themselves as the middleman who takes his time transferring what isn't his; takes his time and *actually uses* what isn't his.  THIS IS THEFT.  This is systematic thievery practiced every day on many, many people.  When I got my next paycheck a couple weeks later, I went to Wells Fargo and recounted the above to a few tellers behind the counter.  I asked them if I could have cash for my paycheck instead of depositing it.  They said sure, and gave it to me.  I then asked them if I could deposit the cash.  They refused it and told me I'd have to go to another branch to do that, and wouldn't say why.  It was probably because I had gotten wise to their scam and had told them about it.  Since when does a bank refuse a *cash* deposit?  Further, one of the reasons they gave for not allowing me access to the deposit until the next day was for "my protection".  They had to take the check to another city about 250 miles away - presumably with one of those stagecoaches - to verify its authenticity and validity.  However, when I asked for cash, they had to give it to me, and "my protection" was no longer important.   TL;DR  I discovered that banks steal from us by often not making our deposits available to us until the next business day.  However, they do immediately withdraw them from the account that pays them.  For that partial day, banks use that money themselves, as neither the payer or payee has it in his account for that time.
More scare-mongering lunacy from the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau via Michael Hiltzik in silly op-ed: "Bitcoins are the wild west"