Kemco's newest massive RPG, Asdivine Dios, now open for pre-registration on Android
Sprite Drone is World's Most Rugged, Doesn't Quench Your Thirst, But Can Shoot 1080p Video
An excellent point! I wonder how people found this out though.
C.H.I.P. Is a Tiny, Incredibly Powerful Mini $9 PC That Runs Linux
Nearly One Million Order Apple Watch on First Day It's Available
WhatsApp to remain closed to developers, says co-founder
I can't speak to Chromecast, but I'd argue Amazon on demand is quite a big USP - there's not really one big a la carte rental service for movies and TV on Roku otherwise, apart from the fiddly and limited Sky Store.
Motorola Droid Turbo Android 5.1 Lollipop Update On The Way
GTA V back on top of UK retail charts; now within two weeks of Vice City's series record
Sizzling new renders of the HTC One (M9) pop up: the best-looking ones we've seen so far
I can't watch the video atm, but serious question, why is it a fiasco?
When did Dark Souls click for you?   Hey all - just picked up the first DS after hearing lots of good things. I'm only an hour or so in, but I'm curious to know, when did this game click for you? Combat is slow and sticky at the moment, with frustratingly long character animations. Also, the lack of a proper pause button doesn't seem like something to make the game challenging, just alienating to anyone who has some notions of balancing this game with other activities in their life and home. Thoughts? When did you go "I get dis"?
Forbes on the HTC Desire: "I like this selfie phone a lot."
A financial necessity? Absolutely.   That being said I do think a lot of personality is lost with these sorts of team names. A sports equivalent: there is a football/soccer team in the UK called Total Network Solutions and it is a laughing stock for it. Branded names have no history, emotion or location to them, and I do think that's a shame, this Worlds matchup being an extreme example.  I'm not sure what the solution is, and there probably doesn't need to be one but I do wonder if it might not be a bit off-putting for newcomers.
The LG G3 has I think been sorely overlooked by the press (but not you guys). The screen will cut you just by looking at it, it's that sharp.
Apart from Portal and Portal 2 (since you can't really return to them until you forget how to complete the puzzles), I'd say Ni No Kuni. That game is mesmerisingly beautiful, but damn do you have to grind.