I'm really liking the STI Detonics gun, as well. It seems reliable, it's got a steel frame (which I think is better for a variety of reasons) and the look of the things just screams "this is an American handgun." I would love to see it make the cut, but we all know that the M9 will once again remain just out of sheer stubbornness.
That's my feeling. I, too, am a white male from the South; albeit not especially conservative. To me the flag represents the army that many of my ancestors served and a lot of positive aspects of Southern culture - the Dukes of Hazzard and Lynyrd Skynyrd, for example. That said, it was used by an army that propped up a racist regime and therefore has no place in any setting funded by tax dollars or wherein the functions of government might occur. I can completely understand how it makes black people uncomfortable. What the South needs is a new flag.
Thanks! I have a feeling I'll need it.
conquering  You don't seem to be fimiliar with the history of the region. Most of the people there are ethnically Russian, everybody speaks Russian, and nobody there likes Kiev. It was only ever made Ukrainian for the administrative convenience of the GOSPLAN of the Central Soviet. Since there is no Central Soviet anymore, there's no reason for it to belong to the Ukraine. As a Ukrainian Crimea makes little sense and people living on Crimea are Russian, to call Crimea conquered is pandering to Kiev's perspective.
Ah hell, might as well get in on this. Congrats, OP.
[I had a go at narrating this.](http://vocaroo.com/i/s1Exd0PbvnAR) Hope you don't mind. As a wannabe narrator, practice is invaluable.
Maybe I'm the outlier, but I could never get past the art style. I hear the writing gets better, but it just hurts to look at.
It seems to me that if you want someone to go away, writing SJ baiting outrage pieces only gives your target more noteriety. I and a lot of other people here hadn't even heard of Beer Wench until now. Sex sells, and if she wants to use the old bar wench trope to promote herself, it flies in the face of equality to tell her she can't.
21 days ago  Talk about a blast from the past. On a fairly large subreddit. Why'd you dig this up?  Anyway, I'm not talking about blood sport. I'm talking about the public seeing a function of the state. We open court trials, after all. This is a similar principal.   Anyway, I'm on my phone and can't type my full thoughts on the matter.
I'm an attendant on one of those self checkout things. When I'm not too busy, I totally notice. I just don't paid enough to care. Seriously, no one does. Also, we have like one LP person who is never there and she's the only one authorized to directly intercede, so even if I told a manager or something it would be sort of pointless.  Tl;dr Yeah, we know those aren't bananas. Enjoy your discounted produce all the same.
Well, if you have any suggestions on how to better run this sub, you're welcome to submit a mod message. You're rather quick to denounce us, but we care just as much about quality as you do, I assure you. The problem is that if we go about pruning posts and removing things, we inevitably draw the ire of groups like /r/subredditcancer and the like.   So again, if you have a better system, we'd love to hear it. Shoot us a mod message.
See, Mikhail Kalashnikov seems like he was an awesome guy, and that's part of his appeal. The Soviets were fond of using poster boys to embody the labor of the working classes. In this system, the [Stakhanovite movement](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stakhanovite_movement), the work of many would be attributed to a single poster boy in the hopes that multitudes of workers would see said poster boy as a model to be emulated. The results of this were debatable, but it is certain that it was applied to more than just coal mining.
"Sorry, dude." Never has a simple phrase been so infuriating. I'd have taken a bat to his face and irradiated his testicles if I was you.
Well, looks like I've got some reading to do. I agree with you in the functioning of militaries in the modern world, as well. Sadly, armed forces are more often sink pits for surplus population and wealth that could be much better used in much better pursuits. This is not unique to the DPRK. The US does it, most European nations do it. Sure, there's military actions in these states, but it's often to the ends of amoral puppet masters and not to the ends of the national interest. Rather like the DPRK, though in a grander scale and different guise.
I haven't played it yet. I'm just now looking at the IMFDB entry and I've got to say: holy fucking frankengun, Batman! Those are some strange gats.
I just want to thank you guys.   Seriously. I haven't been smoking for long. I only discovered it at 21 and it's a year later but you guys have made it the best thing I've ever gotten into. So here's a self telling you guys you rock and spreading the good cheer. Peace, ents. [4]