Cool, thanks!
Need a bit of advice on getting something shipped to HCMC   I'm traveling across SE Asia for 6 months and I saw this ( http://www.ravpower.com/ravpower-rp-wd01-filehub-3000mah-power-bank.html ) on a r/gadgets thread. Seems like it would be handy, seeing how dumping footage off of my gopro has been a hassle during the first two months through Vietnam.   In a few days I'll be in the HCMC area  for about two weeks and I was wondering how Amazon works over here, where I can ship it to (I don't have anywhere booked yet, kinda winging this whole trip), or if anyone's seen something similar to this.   Just a couple other miscellaneous questions to throw in:  Is there a Facebook group for HCMC Traveller's/expats? Hanoi Massive was super helpful while I was up north.   Anyone know where to get a decent waterproof backpack cover? I lost mine somewhere in Da Lat  Anyone wanna drink a couple dozen Ba hoys this week with an utterly lost Texan? I'll be the guy with the oil gushing out of the beat up Honda Win  Edit: Damnit! I just saw the other delivery thread that was just posted, my bad. Still, maybe somebody has some ideas about this thing, specifically.
Well, like Black Panther, but with a transparent suit...
I'm planning a motorcycle trip across Vietnam for all of September. How badly am I going to be affected by the rainy season?   This is the beginning of a six month trip I'm taking across SE Asia. I wanted to start in Hanoi, spend some time in the north, then head into Laos and travel the Mekong river (roughly) and end up in HCMC by the end of September.   I was supposed to start in June, but life kinda got in the way so I had to push it to September. I know it's not an ideal time to go, but is it bad enough that I should spend September somewhere else?  Thanks a ton to anybody that responds; I haven't had as much time to plan as I was hoping, so I get the feeling I'll be asking you guys a lot of questions in the next month!
Helmet's fine, I bailed at just the right time. Half a second later and I'd have been in the same tree!  Watched a little of the gopro footage, my face when I realized it was still rolling is priceless!
Had plenty of time to enjoy the beautiful view in Moab!
Same here. I'm on a TV show and we've done 7 straight months of 70-80 hour weeks. I'm ready to get out, but the skills I've learned don't exactly translate to other industries, so I'll kinda be starting from scratch. It sucks, because I love the actual job, but the hours are inhumane.
Looking for a moving light that can replace Jo Lekos for a show   I'm the board op for a tv show that uses a lot of Lekos fitted with 800w HMI globes. A lot of times we send out guys up in 135' man lifts with 4 or 5 of them for our night scenes. The weathers particularly brutal today and I hate that we have to send guys up in the air in the freezing rain just to operate them for 8 hours at a time.   Surely there's a moving light with equivalent output that we could send up instead that I could operate from my board.  I come from the film world and don't know a lot about moving fixtures so any suggestions would be welcome. I'd need to be able to shutter in the beam, change the focus and intensity, and ideally I could zoom and iris in and out.  It's also needs to be close to the intensity of an 800w HMI.  Anybody have any ideas?  Or at least an idea of where to look? You'd be making the lives of some poor shivering kids much more comfortable!
I just got a new bike, a 2014 bmw 800 gs. Work's been crazy, so I haven't had too much time on it. Hoping to change that soon!   http://imgur.com/rt4flDd  Here's my old bike, an 86 honda shadow   http://imgur.com/7NA48cr
D. I. T. ?
Why transgenderism?  I haven't heard any controversy about that
Oh, cool!  Was he a camera operator, a director, or something else?
My good friend was the one fatality. We had drinks in his honor tonight at the Liberty. I can't describe how devastating this is.
How much does it cost to commission a pipe from him?  It didn't look like he had anything in stock
What is the BAM?
Starship Troopers