California senate votes to open up Obamacare to 2.5 million illegal residents
How about not safe for feelings?
Two portapotty's? I mean really? Is there some sort of BBC regulation that requires segregated bathrooms to be made available?
Dedication
yes I did!  Now back now work for another 2 min.
No one yet....
HD Projector question   I was thinking it would be fun to have back yard movie nights with my friends. I wanted to get an HD projector without going to crazy price wise (around $500). However when I started looking around I noticed projectors on places like ebay for 50-300 dollars that claim to be HD while other vendors charge 10 times as much.   I was wondering what exactly the catch is. Why are they so cheap compared to proper projectors. Also any recommendations you guys have for projectors would be really appreciated.  Here is an example  [Example 1](http://www.ebay.com/itm/3000-Lumens-HD-1080P-Home-Cinema-Theater-Multimedia-LED-LCD-Projector-HDMI-3D-/161621153797?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_0 hash=item25a15f1805)  [Example 2](http://www.ebay.com/itm/HD-Home-Theater-Multimedia-LCD-LED-Projector-1080-HDMI-3D-AV-DVD-TV-Paystation-/281633294609?pt=LH_DefaultDomain_0 hash=item4192a70911)
When two people kiss, they create a tube with an asshole at each end.
I am a beautiful person who is the best of luck to you by the way to get the best of luck to you by the way to get the best of luck to you...
Mama June - Bring 'Honey Boo Boo' Back Or I'll Sue for a Million Bucks!!!
Saying a banned word with intent to hurt someone's feelings.   Examples include The N word.  The R word (formerly retard)  Calling something gay.
Tonight, on things that totally happened!
Boy Scouts put an end to dangerous water gun fights
I was told that I participated in vote brigading. Still not exactly sure what that means. They said I could be unbanned if I agreed not to do it anymore. I told them that I would not do it again but so far no reversal. Still whether I was wrong or not isn't the real problem, its that they just shadow banned me without any warning. If they had banned me from the sub or deleted my account I would have at least known I did something wrong and changed the way I behaved.  Small solace I can take is that this account now has way more karma then my old one ever did.
I think its a lottery. Every year I remember just after the last day to enter. :(
My name plate was right above me!