Arizona road slam cop pointed a gun at a man and 'threatened to shoot him in front of his family' while working for NYPD in incident city paid $20,000 to settle
A 23-year-old man is accused of forcibly taking a cash box from a 10-year-old Girl Scout who was selling cookies outside a Safeway
Castro warns US to stop interfering in Cuban political affairs
Isis executions: Terror group throws 'gay' men off tower, stones woman accused of adultery and crucifies 17 young men
In what law officials called a "crazy and bizarre" criminal case, a 65-year-old woman has been charged with first-degree murder
Sorry... I didn't write just passing it along, but up vote for commenting
The problem with that is we're not developing the next generation of intelligent people at nearly the rate the Chinese are. They will over take us in the next ten to twenty years if we don't do something about it.
My 14 year-old dog started to get grumpy and I took him to the vet and explained the problem but the vet found no problems with his health, I got him home and did a complete exam and found he had a molar going bad so I took him to another vet and had the tooth pulled, he's back to normal now behavior wise. Finding the bad tooth was not easy at all. I had to push on it just right to invoke a reaction from my mutt.
Iran should let observers in and allow freedom of movement for those observers if only to quell the fears of most of the other nations in that area of the globe. Let the Russian in to inspect.
The only other posting of this link that I can find was posted a hour after I posted this and it was posted to astronomy. Also I did a search for Hubble in the search reddit box prior to posting and surprisingly the results were none. At any rate I apologize for posting this story and wasting your time.
It's hard to tell from the pic but there's variations of the gray scale at the fracture which might indicate a prior incomplete fracture which started to oxidize.
the destroyer Kurama and the other vessel were both engulfed in flames  That's not good at all. Having taken ship-board firefighting school I can honestly say that's a scary situation that I would not want to be in.
Stay at Di66, pretend you're at reddit, eventually you'll become disgusted enough you'll rip out your modem, problem solved.
It's not just you! http://thepiratebay.org looks down from here.   From: http://downforeveryoneorjustme.com/#
RX's are better but only for being what they're advertised to be chemically where as street drugs are what ever the basement chemist put into it to manufacture it. However I agree that RX's are as dangerous as uncontrolled street drugs primarily due to misuse and big pharm company greed. And I don't know why you were down voted as your inquiries were reasonable.
These guys should fry, I await the DA's decision...  Then I'll pass judgment on Hollywood Fl  I too once while stopped at red street light was rear ended by a drunk judge from another state when I told the cop I thought the man was drunk due to the over whelming stench of booze the cop told me to shut the fuck up and go sit on the curb or he'd arrest me and have the state take my son, which was quite a shock to my 5 year old son who was in my arms at the time, but other then that experience I respect the law.