TIL there is a fake Time Magazine cover floating around the Internet, which purports to be a 1977 cover displaying a lone penguin underneath this headline: How to Survive the Coming Ice Age: 51 things you can do to make a difference.
The data is from OECD StatExtract and the conference board total database.   I first calculated real GDP per working age Canadian, Australian and New Zealand PPP by dividing their real GDPs PPP by their working age populations from 1956 and then plotted that in Excel.  Next, I detrended the three data series of growth in real GDP per working age Canadian, Australian and New Zealand by 1.9% from 1956 and plotted that in Excel.
SUBMISSION STATEMENT   Excellent roundup of the economic literature and other relevant literatures on the impact of the decriminalisation of marijuana on the demand for marijuana
SUBMISSION STATEMENT.  Libertarians do attract a lot of comment and the Twitter Left is rather keen to label the right-wing opponents, as libertarians. This is despite the fact a lot of voters don't understand what a libertarian is.  Indeed, back in the 1990s, most libertarian gatherings were so small that they would not need to book ahead at a restaurant to make sure they got a table.  It is only recently that Milton Friedman became a respectable figure in policy circles. Indeed, at job interviews in the 1990s, if you mentioned Hayek's name, and there is any sign of name recognition, you would been interviewed by a very well read people.
SUBMISSION STATEMENT.  A nice little summary of the history of diplomatic spying, much of it which is for economic advantage.    At the 2009 G20 meetings in London, the British intelligence agency GCHQ set up fake internet cafes for delegates to use in order to log their keystrokes. If you are dumb enough to use an Internet cafe for official business, you deserve to be spied on.
SUBMISSION STATEMENT  A good list of replies to criticisms of fossil fuel disinvestment. It can't seem to make up its mind that about what it's trying to do.  In the end, the purpose is to bring moral pressure against self-interest, which is a real stayer in human affairs. You can always rely upon self-interest to keep on trying right to the end of the race.
Articles include: The Libertarian Delusion Robert Kuttner The free-market fantasy stands discredited by events. The challenge now: redeeming effective and democratic government.  Why Economists Cling to Discredited Ideas Jeff Madrick Free-market economists may be at odds with reality, but it fits the needs of the rich and the powerful.  The Perils of Privatization Ann Hagedorn As Blackwater showed, many of the efficiencies are spurious, because contractors cut corners.  Why Markets Cant Price the Priceless Joan Fitzgerald It takes government planning to promote rational conservation and use of water.  Markets, States, and the Green Transition Fred Block To get renewable energy technologies into broad use, government needs to promote both supply and demand. Markets are too risk-averse.  Hating the Hand That Enriches You Roger Lowenstein What interests me is why so many successful investors are so bitterly aligned against the agency [the Federal Reserve] that, arguably, single-handedly revived the capitalist system
Submission Statement  Roland Fryer carried a gun at 14 as a member of the gang; worked extra jobs at college to pay off his father's bail bondsman; and an assistant professor at Harvard at the age of 27. He is the sharpest economist around working on the economics of inequality and discrimination.  This 2005 profile is well worth reading. Both his extraordinary life story and the promise he was showning in 2005 was later delivered.
Not only do are Uber drivers have to work unsociable hours, taxi drivers and chauffeurs are twice as likely to be murdered as a police officer see http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2015/01/28/charted-the-20-deadliest-jobs-in-america/
"Since 1 January 2002, the Tribunal has had the power to declare acts or omissions of:  the legislative, executive or judicial branches of government, or a person or body that performs any public function, power or duty to be inconsistent with the right to freedom from discrimination, as affirmed by s.19 of the New Zealand Bill of Rights Act 1990. An act or omission will not be inconsistent with those rights if it's shown to be demonstrably justified in a free and democratic society."  That declaration of the human rights Tribunal plus 61 Votes on the floor of Parliament on an amending bill will get you somewhere
Yes, apparently
One of the purposes of John Rawls' veil of ignorance and Buchanan and Tullock's veil of  uncertainty is that the basic social institutions be designed when we have abstracted from the grubby particulars of our own self-interest.  Behind the veil of ignorance and the veil of uncertainty, we would all agree that resources are limited, including in the health sector and some drugs can't be funded  choices must be made.  Once we go in front of the veil of ignorance and find out that we are the one missing out on that drug, naturally, our views will change.  Is always the case that someone just falls on the other side of any line in the sand. If you move that line, there is always another set of people who are just on the other side.
Another excellent discussion from Vanity fair of a Euro crisis country, in this case, Greece and the terrible corruption and inefficiency in that country
It took it time to concede that point.  The economics of the minimum wage is a curious area of public debate.  People are very much anti-economics, but as soon as an argument comes up that vaguely supports the minimum wage not harming unemployment, they become extremely knowledgeable of that entire literature in all its nuances.  We are now discussing whether on the best possible interpretation of the employment effects of the minimum wage been minimal whether a minimum wage increase can actually implemented without harming employment.   The answer to that question is no.   Much easier to just increase the earned income tax credit.
The central estimates suggest that a country that switches from non-democracy to democracy achieves about 20% higher GDP per capita over the subsequent three decades.  That's actually pretty huge, how could that have been missed before?   Good point
Thanks.