Hi! I'm a rare books and manuscripts librarian/curator. I'm on mobile so I can't really do any research for you, but first off OP well done for keeping good care of your family's book! It looks to be in a presumably acid free box and that's just what you want. When looking at it try and make a cradle for it so the covers aren't bending the spine. We typically use big foam wedges for so etching of this size.  In terms of valuation, looking up books from around the same year won't give you a clear idea of its value. The Bible, like it or not folks, is the most printed book ever. There are thousands of editions of early Bibles, and their value can be determined by a lot of things such as it being the first Bible printed in a certain geographic place or the first edition to include a particular new translation, etc. So you see, the specific edition and year of publication can make a huge difference, for a second, third, or fourth edition printed someplace new, is not nearly as I interesting as the first edition.  Quality and other factors unique to the book are also important. Yours looks to be in quite lovely shape, but a detailed evaluation would have to be made to figure out the collational formula.* OP, is there any place in the book where someone has written a family tree or anything close? It maybe in an unexpected place. This can often be of interest to collectors. There are a lot of lovely graphics in your copy, which could also certainly be of interest to a buyer.  Long story still long, you aren't going to get a good valuation simply by googling. That being said, a complete codex from the 17th century is rad and its very wonderful that your family has kept good care of it. Get an appraiser to take a look at it if you want a value. Don't take it to a museum or library. We can't give you a value, its a conflict of interest.  One last word on value. Most people tend to want a hard and fast dollar amount for something. But rare books and manuscripts have their own markets that fluctuate and have their own trends. It can also be finding the right buyer. A lot of times dealers and auction houses are making educated guesses.  *a collational formula is a rendering of exactly how a book is gathered physically together. This tends to be pretty straightforward with modern publishing. So, for example, you might have a very logical 20 gatherings of 12 pages each. With old books, it is rarely so neat or tidy. You often find huge idiosyncrasies from gathering to gathering. Librarians do this for two main reasons: 1. It helps them to see what changes the publisher may have been making during the printing process. Often publishers would make edits and changes while in the middle of printing a single edition. 2. This allows us to figure out if/how a codex has been altered over time. Are pages missing, replaced, or added? This is the best way to find out.
Ask her best friend to find out. She could ask in moderately normal conversation or hey could go shopping and just try rings on for fun; even some place with costume jewellery. Just have her take note of the size, even if it's a relative size to her. For example friend knows she wears X size ring, future fiance is close but a little bigger.  But when in doubt, go larger, it's usually easier to size down and a lot less costly since you're not adding more metal. And you won't have pictures like this, that asshats on the internet feel the need to laugh at.
Is cute supposed to be bad?  It's more about nostalgia than broooooken draft combos you can easily assemble. But for the record, thirteen of the combinations involve only one rare or mythic (setting aside Stroke in the first example.) If someone didn't play fifteen years ago, they might not know that High Tide + Turnabout makes mana. There's even other, smaller historical ones like Frantic Search + Thawing Glaciers, which old Time Spiral decks played. For that matter, they might not know that Gush with Psychatog turns 1.5 damage into 6.5 damage.  Which reminds me that if you played at one point, you know the significance of this algebra equation: 1.5x + 0.5y + 1 :)
What a great opportunity for you to educate him otherwise! And if still feels that way he can go fuck himself!
I will say, I think you're 'everyday look' brings polish to your look - you definitely look gorgeous either way though.
This may not be what you're looking for if your problem is just seasonal - but I have pretty dry skin and this used to be a big issue for me. And I found that getting your skin in as good shape as possible is really key to making it look good. I make sure I wash my face really well - I just use a basic cleanser but I use a clairsonic - I think it really works wonders. Next use a chemical exfoliant. I'm addicted to Dr. Dennis Gross Alpha Beta peel (aka Black Magic Face Pads) but they are NOT cheap. If this is not a constant issue I don't know that you would find the investment worthwhile. There are other peels that have some of the same ingredients though. After that, I then moisturize giving time for it to sink in well, and then I follow with primer - also giving it sink in time. Then I use my Bare Minerals foundation that I use all over followed by the tinted mineral veil. I'm using the compact formula now which has a bit more coverage than the loose powder - when I used that I would use a powder concealer to touch up any red still shining through. This way it was easy to blend it into my overall foundation.  I sometimes find with blemishes and nose dryness liquid concealer can often get cakey especially as the hours pass on.
It would afford the same control the pill gives to women - having personal and discreet control over your re-productivity. It was probably more revolutionary when it was made available to women because the other methods are often complicated, unreliable, or unavailable to women of social status. [Try getting  getting your tubes tied or even getting an IUD as a woman who hasn't had children *now, much less 53 years ago].   Men do have the option of condoms, though I understand many men don't like to use them, and relatively easy access to vasectomies (which can be reversed). The pill however is a discreet and simple way for personal control.
This is a well-meaning and legitimate question: why did you take your kids with you to Ikea?  We live near one and my husband and I go fairly often just to eat meatballs and stock up on tealights and crab paste (KRABBA!). But I see kids swarming all the time; I almost stepped on one when it divebombed in front of me. But I've *really* always wondered why they are even there. And if they are, why they aren't in Small-land?
Yes. And OP, and everyone else for that matter, **please** always give proper credit to the artist when you post their work. For reference this piece is by [Hsin-Yao Tseng](http://www.hsinyaotseng.com). This is copyrighted work, and I'm sure he doesn't appreciate this infringement without lack of credit or proper citation. Not to mention mis-attributing the city.  He has a show opening on October 5th at the Waterhouse Gallery in Santa Barbara, CA. SoCal Redditors should go and support great art!
I just wrote a lengthy response to /u/element4l about my specific path. It was both a combination of education and practical experience.
Ha, yes, I was! It was really awesome, it was my first year too. Bruce was definitely great; I thought everyone was really super.
Season tickets! They sent us a invitation/ticket and you had to rsvp. It started at 10:30 before Sunday's game. You entered the park near the bullpen, and could get a spot anywhere around the outfield. Then the players, coaches, and announcers started making their way around! Everyone was really nice. I have others as well - but I only posted the highlight reel.
My husband is the same way! From my understanding, it's a histamine reaction; and yes, cooking fruits and veggies helps. When we make guacamole, we microwave the mushed avocados and it doesn't affect the taste.   All of this works out perfectly because since birth I have hated most fruits. Especially anything orange-like.
I never quite understood why it was so freaking difficult. I was seven or so when it came out, and like many young girls at my age, was obsessed with dolphins (thanks, Lisa Frank). I had been gaming since birth (my dad bought me an NES when I was 2), so I had a bit of a leg up on many of my  girlfriends who desperately wanted to play. That and I already had a Sega Genesis. I still think I only would get to level 3 and fail. I even went back a few years ago to give it a shot, and got about half way through before rage quitting. It just boggles me that you would make a game where you are a freaking dolphin at the height of dolphin craze, a *perfect* way to get young girls into gaming...and then you make it stupidly hard to play. Asinine.
Voyager.........:|
I have always loved this building and the behind the scenes tour is definitely worth it. Not shown in the post is some views from the catwalk that goes atop the entrance way (not inbetween the front windows) - it allows for a great view of the murals. Also, there is more to see in the president's office - perhaps I'm a nerd, but I thought the built-in file cabinets are sweet. Last but not least - the private dining rooms, especially the ceiling fresco of Cincinnati, but also the upper conference rooms that have been restored fully as well.   Loved it so much I got married there a little over a month ago :)