The Future Of The Drug War: Pot Breathalyzers
Blockian?
Venezuelas grand plan to fix its toilet-paper shortage: $79 million and a warning to stop eating so much
So replica and lifelike vaginas are possible?
yes but why was it designated as such? Isnt there some occult significance?
Government Retreats After Suspending Habeas Corpus In Baltimore  Over 100 Released
why is mayday a communist holiday?
right.. cause the most logical thing to do is use government to FORCE racists and bigots hire and serve people they hate... lol another ELS FAIL and a basic misunderstanding of the individual right of free association... unless you are bisexual, you discriminate against half the human race... get a grip... we have individual preference... you dont discriminate or respect property rights? ok good, me and all my drunken irish friends will be at your house at 8:00 tonight... and we will leave when we want lol  [Dr. Walter Williams schools you on discrimination](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KKgHc6bWqZ4)
Baltimore Police Dept. Tries To Suppress Findings Of Secret Audit
I understand all of this. It just has zero real world application. Almost no property, in the real world, is owned as a result of this process or line of thinking. This concept of the origination of property rights has no relationship to the actual ownership of property in the actual world.  EXACTLY! THATS WHAT WE ARE TRYING TO CHANGE! :) Property has been expropriated by mere decree, force and, violence. This is exactly what libertarians are fighting. Equating what has happened in the past via state actors, and violent criminals with what libertarians propose is just inaccurate. Private property rights are actually a limit on state power - And actually propertarian theory DOES have many real world applications... how do you think property was accumulated in the first place? This continued to occur until 100 years ago and is actually still occurring in a bastardized version. You can still actually homestead in places out west and in alaska. Yes, you must pay tirubte to government first but the same principle applies. State and local governments will 'give you' (and again its not thiers to give in the first place) very cheap or in alaskas case even free land if you put it to good use and ad to the local economy. Many agreements stipulate that you build a home or start a business within the first 2 years or something. This is still the homestead principle at work. And its a natural principle. Even animals mark their claim...
Somalia?
Consumerist-Socialism?
good point... whos to say what 'hate speech' will no longer be protected by the first Amendment on the new 'free and open' internet...
ever time i ever posted anything there its got dogged.... I think the last comment I got was:  more crap from the Mises Institute clogging up the interwebs...  ...so your comment is encouraging...
I pay around 58%
I think Joesph played a significant role in the awakening of people to the fed... It seemed the original Zeitgeist gained steam just as Ron Paul was flaming the issue. I think we owe him alot. Even for just getting people to think about alternative ideas...   His 'solutions' however are nothing I would ever want to be apart of ever....