We can go toe to toe on bird law and see who comes out the victor
woo iowa!
Donald Dies in the TRAILER of The Lazarus Effect!   Not only do they kill him off, they show it in the TRAILER!! Olivia Wilde throws him into a metal cabinet and you hear him screaming as it bends inward, then Even Peters is seen later begging to know what happened to Niko, Donald's character. I don't know why Hollywood feels the need to kill off black characters first, but this time it hits a little too close to home. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90GKwd10KRc
Mixed Feelings on Brixton Sew Cap Snapback   http://www.brixton.com/brixton-products/brixton-mens/brixton-mens-headwear/snapbacks/cavern.html  I was really into this snapback since my friend has a Brixton snapback I've worn and loved, but I scrolled to the right and saw how it fit that model's head and was swayed away from it. I'm a low budget college kid just trying to look good, i'm usually in loose cardigans and tees with skinnies but I think a hat like this will really pull the look together. So my question is, do any of you have any knowledge with this type of hat? What color would look good with a darker palate?
See, I don't get it either. Maybe I've just known of her for too long. I didn't think she was hot when she was 14 and she still reminds me of Jackie.
Accidentally Had a Wet Dream   I had a girl sleep in my bed last night; We didn't do anything sexual but I spooned with her until she left around 10 AM. Once she left, I fell back asleep and dreamed I ejaculated which lead to me cumming in real life. I know it wasn't on purpose, but when I woke up and realized what happened I felt as bad as if I had reset my badge for real. I feel weak and disgusting, and I know it doesn't count as fapping but it sure felt like it. Has anyone else experienced this after a streak of a few weeks? What mindset can help me feel less weak?
I'm confused. Did you use your brush as a way to turn the second dog into nothing but hair or what
I AM THE GREATEST FUCKIN ROCKSTAR IN THE WORLD
"Chaos... reigns."
Why is there a 12 on her head?
How terrifying is it on screen with Jeff Goldblum? Also is it Gold-blum or Gold-bloom?
There's a version where someone recorded in a Russian accent "I am going to take some of your food now don't be scared eh eh eh eh"
I seriously just went through this maybe 15 minutes ago, I get a snapchat from my buddy who I know the girl I'm crushing on likes, and he likes her. And the snapchat was just her face, meaning they were hanging out together. Identical reaction as the gif.
My family walked into this exact restaurant. The waitress said we would be dining with another group of seven, at the same table. As we walked in we saw napkins and trash strewn about the restaurant. As a naturally anxious person, I was against sitting with people I didn't know, so we left. Easily the strangest place i never ate at.
Yeah, I'm biking through small towns across Iowa
The fact that he recently shaved his Doctor Who locks means Season 8 will be only about John Hurt