Superheroes really are pretty messed up if you try to think about them as anything other than children's fantasies. They are masked vigilantes with no control, oversight, regulation, or anything else to curb their destructive powers.   In comics, we can pretend it's all good because they are "good guys" but in the real world we'd never want individual humans with no oversight to be judge jury and executioner or use massive firepower in populated areas.
Yeah that is an idiotic article.   No matter what you think about the whole issue, Amazon is working to undercut prices to levels that aren't sustainable for print books and which put bookstores out of business leaving Amazon with a monopoly on distribution.   Now, you can certainly think the above is fine and say that ebooks are the future, print and physical bookstores should die, and that if Amazon becomes a monopoly another eretailer will emerge to compete. I've seen plenty of people here even argue that publishers should all die and serve no purpose. I disagree, but that's fine. Still,  it is certainly easy to understand "why publishers are hostile"!
Also, having things online doesn't stop them being published. Of course, you'll have to take them down. But no one would forgo a piece of writing because it was on the internet. I've seen a lot of people have that concern, and a lot of people have replied, stating their fears are unfounded. Don't worry :)  Strong disagree with this. Every editor I know would turn down a piece that was already published for the public online (unless it was a reprint anthology or something.) Yes, you can get away with this since most editors won't google you, but if you do get caught the editor will reject the story and if they think you are acting shady won't ever work with you again.
Quintessential American Fiction, According to the Rest of the World   I thought this list was interesting and worth discussing in advance of the Fourth of July: http://lithub.com/quintessential-american-fiction-according-to-the-rest-of-the-world/  A survey of writers around the world about what they think of as "American" literature.    Individual titles named: 96    Books by women: 19    Most popular decade: The 2000s    Least popular decade: The 1940s    Oldest book: The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin, Benjamin Franklin (1791)    Newest book: Tenth of December, George Saunders (2013)    Most cited writers: William Faulkner (8), Herman Melville (5), F. Scott Fitzgerald (4), J.D. Salinger (4), Mark Twain (4)  What do you feel was unfairly left out?
There are reasons to go self-pub and reasons to go traditional. But the "suits" are gonna have a field day either way.   Sure, traditional publishing takes a bigger percentage but they also * Pay an advance upfront * pay to have the book printed * Pay for editing, copyediting, proofing, and design * and (hopefully) pay for some kind of marketing  In addition, they have distribution that gets you into bookstores  Amazon takes a much lower cut, but also does nothing at all for your book other than transfer digital files for essentially zero cents and provide a platform where your book exists alongside 10 million others. That's not that much for a 30% cut!
The Vorrh by B Catling  one of the most original works of visionary fiction since Mervyn Peake | Books
I haven't read it yet so don't know, but I have a copy on my table and it has blurbs from Terry Gilliam, Alan Moore, and Jeff VanderMeer. Seems pretty awesome.
I just have a hard time believing that's the case. Like, I'd be interested in an official survey of political beliefs over hugo nominees in the past 10 years. I doubt that there haven't been some conservatives.   I definitely think the SP are 100% wrong when they claim that the Hugos have become "more liteary" and "less popular" and that their picks are the "popular" picks of fandom. It was posted in one of these threads, but the official bookscan sales numbers show the Sad Puppy authors doing worse in sales than the "literary" authors they decry.
Ugh, I didn't mention either of those names. I was talking about the SP voters overall, not the figureheads, and I was talking about who actually got nominations: John C. Wright got 6 nominations. Best novella is all white men. etc.   What percentage of Hugo nominees for the various fiction awards are white and male this year?
You've got more faith than me. Books 4 and 5 introduce a ton of plot lines that I think will take him a lot of effort and time to clear up.   People say "oh, he can just kill everyone!' But the problem is that lots of characters have been set up as major movers and shakers and they will all have to do something meaningful before the end: Varys, Littlefinger, Bran, Dany, Jon Snow, Arya, Euron, etc. etc.   We'll see though!
The first three books are the best, so might as well start there. But if you just want to know the plot or something, start with book 4.
The great novels of the English language where never written as Literary fiction, but as entertainment.   Sorry but this is totally a-historical.   First off, there wasn't really a divide between 'literary fiction" and popular commercial fiction in the past because... the common people couldn't or didn't read!   Jane Austen's work was written for--and read by--the rich upper class elitists.   Shakespeare did have the groundlings, but he was also employed by the fucking king! About as elite as you can get.   And you are going to tell me that James Joyce, Virginia Woolf, and so on were not writing literary fiction? Just entertaining yarns the equivalent of popcorn flicks?
ha, thanks!
In reality, being bothered about or interested in something enough to cultivate the appropriate qualities more than the next guy is what makes the difference.  Here's where I disagree with you. Yes, if there are 20 people in a creative writing class and only 2 REALLY care and they are the only 2 really putting the work in, chances are those will be the only 2 who get published down the road... even if there are 5 other people in class with more talent but who don't put in the effort.   Sure.   But we aren't talking about 20 people.   There are like 400 MFA programs pumping out 4,000 people a year. There are hundreds of thousands of people who spend a lot of their time trying to be writers. (Over 1 million books are published each year, mostly through self-publishing.)   So of those 500k, or however many it is, who are all caring and trying, what separates them? At that point, what separates the good from the bad is talent. Think about Jordan again. Yes, if he was lazy and never practiced he wouldn't have been great. But there were tons of players practicing just as much as him. The reason he was better than them was in large part talent. Work can only get you so far if you don't have it.    Many people have the qualities of greatness but don't get the breaks.  I do agree with you there
Also, "reading" is a rarer activity. Everyone and their mother watches TV and movies, but only a small percentage of the population reads more than 2 books a year.
Good example of how the "art just wants to be free" mindset really hurts writing. Yes, people still want to write even if they aren't making a lot of money, but the writing is more rushed, less researched, etc.:    The previous day, Id spoken to John Vaillant, one of Canadas most acclaimed literary journalists. He said he knows writers who are rushing to finish important, research-heavy, non-fiction books in a matter of months  books that would normally require years of work  because thats all they can afford to do.   You have good people doing half-baked work against their better judgment and inclination, he said. Im seeing writers make those compromises.