Beetje apart stuk, alle schuld word afgeschoven op iedereen behalve de grieken zelf. De mensen werken inderdaad gewoon tot hun 60ste maar vanaf hun pensioen rond hun 40ste levensjaar werken de meeste zwart en betalen ze geen loonbelasting, ook bouwen ze hun huizen niet volledig af zodat ze er geen belasting over hoeven te betalen.   Telkens maar naar Europa wijzen en de bankensector/bedrijvensector de schuld geven vind ik niet echt correct.
You aren't a failure, nobody is.   We are all proud of your graduating, don't let us down two!  As the top comment suggested get your self a good psychiatrist, things will get better with the appropriate help, it's gonna take time, but when you are better in the near future you are gonna be really glad you didn't do something stupid tonight.  I'm a your friend from now on, feel free to send me as much messages as you want I will truly answer all of them.   Just don't do it.
touch
No it's not clear, first he says he wants to be nice, then he gives him one subject "reddit", the new guy obviously hasn't got any clue what OP interest more. My guess is that the new guy is very shy or just is trying to be nice.   The best thing OP could do is just say Hi I like more stuff then reddit, for example basketball or baseball or what so, or he would be honest and say we started of the wrong foot.  What OP did now is fucked up, obviously his co-worker is reading this TIFU and he or she will feel ashamed tomorrow or will be straight off pissed or he doesn't give a shit.  Great way to welcome your new co-workers!
Thanks for you very detailed reply!
Inception.
Hello and Thanks! Have installed this a couple of months ago. Only some apps, just don't fit in nicely and don't work flawless.  It does work only not 100% and 75% of the consumers wouldn't understand how this works or its to hard for them to install.  Either way thanks for the tip!
Psychische verslaving is ook verslaving en dat je dan alles kan verbieden slaat natuurlijk als een lul op een drumstel, Van cocane, heroine en xtc is bekend dat die gezondheidsrisico's met zich meedraagt cocaine en heroine al helemaal.   Maar volgens mij is dit een eigenlijk een discussie waar we niet over uit zullen komen.  Ik zal altijd het niet goed vinden dat mensen drugs gebruiken en wil ze al helemaal niet helpen om dit makkelijker te maken.  En volgens mij kan ik uit jouw antwoorden opmaken dat je voor legale  gecontroleerde drugs handel bent?  We zullen het zien als het legaal word wat de cijfers zijn!
Steve is on steroids.
Yes!
Remember the post on reddit about this but it was an obvious clickbait.
Looks good!
Thanks for your reply again! I had the MRI a year ago so i ordered an echocardiogram to see if it progressed stayed the same or got less in a really easy way because an MRI is very expensive. I do have the report from that: http://imgur.com/LnNv88i   But i think i'm gonna ask for the special echocardiogram that seems pretty reasonable.  Well i was focused on the heart rate because it is something what you can count and give an exact number. For instance headache is a bit hard to describe in the amount of pain and exactly locate it.
I life in Delft that almost perfect because your are between the hague and Rotterdam! You should defenelty check that out! And If you come to Delft would you like to take a nice Swedish girl for me with you?  Thanks in advance and welcome!  you can use http://www.funda.nl it's the biggest apartment and housing site of Holland.
I do understand you but this is how i stand in this. They get paid a good amount of money to be totally up to date of the treatment options in there speciality and choose the right treatment. The only thing i can do is say it's working or it isn't and explain what i'm experiencing as precisely as possible . I truly want to spend my time on my own work and doing fun things and not researching. A doctor should explain to me what the risks are and side effects. But maybe i'm totally wrong here? Well in my home country with the different issues that's fixed because we have GP's how have the "helicopter view" over you medical situation and they refer you to the specialist. You can't go to a specialist by yourself.
Dit is eigenlijk een punt waar je het nooit over eens zal worden.. Wil je die lui gewoon thuis laten zitten en uitkering laten trekken? Nee! Maar ze ander mans banen laten afnemen wil je ook niet.   De overheid moet gewoon gaan investeren in het eigenland door middel van bijvoorbeeld de dijken te laten ophogen of weet ik veel wat maar zodat we banen creren. Zo is iedereen blij.