Police charge Rockville, Washington youth minister with sexual abuse of 13-year-old girl
Man shot, killed by Wauwatosa police was brandishing sword; man was mentally ill and off his medication
He ain't an asshole. I mean he's not a saint, obviously, but it's not like he did anything to worsen the harm done to them or to prevent them getting aid. If the man has committed a sin, it's that he spoke the truth and it offends people.   Hell, i was always taught that if someone was in a car crash, the last thing you did was move or touch them if you weren't trained to do so, because of the risk of worsening injuries.   Also i'd note this guy's more involved than me - i would have just left. I don't need the hassle.   Just because the guy reacted differently than you doesn't make him an asshole.
Congrats! Keep up the great work and i hope it brings you great success!
If it were 4 million, i would say "perhaps the game is beginning to get the recognition it deserves"; if it were 40 million, i would say "maybe, people are starting to really pay attention". If it were 400 million, i would be ecstatic that so many lives had been touched. And if it were 4 billion? I'd finally think "That's the recognition it deserves, finally!"   Keep growing and stay awesome, /r/dwarffortress !
I don't have a like, moral issue with it, but i do find it totally inexplicable. Also, probably incredibly disgusting to actually view or partake in.
Body found in Lake Stevens, Washington marsh ID'd as aspiring model; death called suspicious by police
Gotta be one of the strangest shootings i have ever heard of - a 2 year old and a 9 year old shot in the torso (but alive), taken to the hospital in a car (rather than an ambulance), four adults and 3 other kids in the house and they got no clue who shot them?  Absolutely strange.
That's alot of "might" and "maybe" and it presupposes that the intelligence we create is both able to be modified in such a way, that we'd have the know-how to do it, and that it isn't able to bypass it by some means. That's a tremendous, enormous risk.   I'd honestly rather have an AI that had zero safety precautions in it than one with half-assed ones, because the one with zero we at least *accept and know* is dangerous. It's just like how bicycle helmets increase injury: if you think you're safe, you take unnecessary risks.   It also, of course, presupposes that we're not stupid enough to have it accidentally destroy us with our own, perfectly reasonable requests. Which i have no faith in, personally.
I post a lot on /r/news but to me /r/morbidreality will always sort of be my "home" on reddit. The people here really are a cut above the rest in terms of thoughtfulness, consideration, and decency.   Lots of people go through horrific abuse and never hurt another soul. Lots more go through horrific abuse and only ever do minor harm to anyone. Our lives aren't train tracks that we're stuck on until we derail; their more like a road that we can choose to go off of, difficult as it may be.
Some thoughts on each entry:  1. amusingly, clive barker's "Scarlet Gospels" have totally and utterly confused the issue of who pinhead is and what he wants.  2. Peter Watts did a great short story called "The Things" that talks about the mindset of the creature, and how it is, in truth, just doing what it does and isn't really evil per se. My own favorite theory is that the time in the ice gave it brain damage, and it was operating at a much reduced, bestial capacity; it's normal mode of operation must have been much higher, to build spaceships and all.  3. Dekker's kind of a mixed bag as a villian. On the one hand he's definitely evil, on the other hand that evil is serving a slightly greater good (for the moment, at least).  4. the Predator (or Yautja) are actually text-book evil to me. Their totally selfish, self-centered, and ignorant to the validity of other ways of living and other lives.   5. Vampires have always been sort of the prototype "monster-victim". Their monsters, yes - but only because of circumstance. Of course, they can embrace their dark nature. One thing i liked about the Twilight franchise is that it shows two types of vampires: those that sort of accept this "gift" and fit in with humans as best they can, and those that just go full on psycho-dark.
I gotta think people who seek to kill other people for fun are not generally the most intelligent people, or the best at long-term planning.  Like [Steven Zelich](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/news/steven-zelich/) - he just dumped the bodies by the side of the road, even though he had *already gotten away with the crime*. Until those bodies were found, the investigation was going nowhere into both women's disappearances.   Criminals are generally stupid.
Oddly enough there was another murder suicide that left a kid about that age alive, recently. I can't imagine they'll have an easy life.
When deputies arrived just before 3:30 p.m., several friends and neighbors were already at the home. One of the neighbors had entered the residence through an unsecured window   Nice of the neighbors to *totally fuck the crime scene up*.  Very curious what the suspicious facebook posts are like, but couldn't find anything on them.
murder-suicide victim was mom of 7, found by one of her children after being shot by her husband
Season 13, Episode 22: Spoilers Inside!   Drunk!Zoe may be the single hammiest acting i have seen in recent years. Maya's "You care about your father, or you wouldn't spend all your time trying to upset him" is the most cutting thing i have heard someone say on the show in a while.   1. Is this the first ever degrassi dream sequence?   2. Would drew be so easily misled, or teen drama bullshit?  3. Why does rocky have his own cellphone?  4. Maya: reasonable voice of wisdom, or miserable party-pooper?   5. Leo-Dallas: Perfect, or Unsatisfying?  6. What does everyone think of the continuing slow slouch towards Claire-Drew?  7. Is this the end of mile's turmoil, or is there more to come?