"You will make a big loss"  IF we do actually sell him and according to L'Equipe we aren't going to sell for less than 75 million euros which PSG don't want to pay
The dirty American team who have played more games and are in better shape or a new team having to learn a new formation/philosophy. Easy isn't it making excuses. And Depay and Darmian and Schweinsteiger add a couple of youngsters like McNair and Pereira who are just breaking into the first team
Yeh we definitely should have spent 32.5 million on someone who will sit on the bench, definitely. Also for people who will comeback with Di Maria he was bought to be a starter not sit on the bench it's just not working out at the minute where as benteke wouldn't displace Rooney
Yeh
Hahahahahahaha
Yeh because he's saved us another 250 grand a week wages you weird bell, so he was shit it happens but with him, RVP and Nani gone that about 600 grand a week saved
The article is a load of shit, apparently he told all this to a Milan fan who met him at Wimbledon who remembered everything fergie said perfectly and then told tuttosport
He has but he will never kick on, he will have a game where he looks like a world beater and you think fuck me what a player we have and then he will be absolutely abject for the next 6 games and you'll want him benched and then he will have a great game and then be fucking abject for 6 games etc etc time is a flat circle yadda yada
3 sick 7 me mate
Kevin Bacon
No you have to be 18 to be deployed by the British Army. You can join if your under 16 with your parents permission but you won't be deployed in a combat theatre till you are 18.
Petr Cech Yourself Baines on toast
Think you would really like the whole marvel cosmic run by Abnett and lanning. It starts with annihilation and goes up to the thanos imperative. It features the guardians of the galaxy and that run is the basis of the film apparently, also nova, Quasar, silver surfer and galactus plus more of marvels heavy cosmic hitters. It is excellent. There is a post that has the reading list, I'll try and see if I can find it.  As also mentioned Silver Surfer Requiem is brilliant. Also Thor god of Thunder is absolutely superb, brilliant story and stunning artwork
Felt completely disconnected from the world, things I loved like sport, my friends, videos games, movies etc didn't matter. Hated myself more than i usually did and felt suicidal, not god I wish I was dead but I went and bought rope and was getting everything ready for when I did it. Told my friend and she pretty much went off on me for keeping it a secret and not telling anyone, told me she would be there for me and help out and convinced me to go to the doctors. Was on tablets for about a year and have been off them for about 5 months now and feel like a new man. Still feel shit somedays but it's a hell of a difference to what I was like.
Don't know how to properly link on alien blue but here  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/crime/9014449/Thieves-dig-100ft-tunnel-to-reach-cash-machine.html  Only know because I'm from Manchester and I had a good laugh about it
Was one I did when I was bored and was nothing more than childish but I gave out 2 notes on asking people to call back "Mr C Lyon" and "Mr G Raff" The number I gave them was for a zoo. Childish but made me chuckle watching them on the phone