That is the kind of experience I would have liked to have. Sadly, I don't see it happening. I tried customer service but just got the same answer over and over. I don't think it's worth a second try.
Not much to go on, but here is the first description of Dario Fisher from Mirror Thief.   "For the longest time I simply just stared at the reflection in the mirror. The lines were still there. The brown eyes still had the light inside of them, I could see the signs of healing, although it looked like hell, it must have been worse before. My hair had been cut, poorly, it wasn't a style I would have chosen myself, yet I guess it was better than what it could have been if left to grow out. My face showed only the slightest bit of a scruff growing in. I didn't normally let my beard grow out, but I could see the advantage of not having a close shave at this point of a healing process. I noted with some regret that my goatee had been trimmed off. Ah well, it would grow back if I let it."  He has just awoken inside a hospital after a motorcycle accident. White male about 18 years old. I would like to see what image this little bit brings to your mind...
hehe, we will see...I am having fun writing it so far. If there is support, I might continue.
Get a friend to put booster cables on it for half hour with their car running. That will trickle charge your battery. If/when it starts take the cables off and disconnect the positive cable from your battery. Car runs? Your alternator is good. Car dies? Your at is toast.   Just about as basic a test as you can get.
See above. :)
Listed as free on my end. Here's the direct link.    http://www.amazon.com/Worlds-Unbound-Future-Jumper-5-ebook/dp/B00HL8BGXY/ref=la_B006N2IJU2_1_7?s=books ie=UTF8 qid=1392388883 sr=1-7
What this post doesn't say is that sometimes you are not offered the choice of a pill at all. You are stuck outside the rabbit hole and there is no way to see how far it goes.   That's when you have no choice but to stand on a street corner, hold your own work in the air and say to the world, "Am I good enough?"   Even though the act of doing so will open the flood gates to those who will shoot you down, unplug you from a distance, just because they can.
Her, actually. And I will be happy to link her page for you.   https://www.facebook.com/customcovercreations  Tada! Take a look at some of the work/premades she has done.
I just reduced the price on my e-book, The Event, if you are interested. It was my first full length novel with a dark side. And I have the full collection of -Future Jumper Series- coming out this week. E-book and print.   What are you writing? Anything you care to share?
I will be looking into that asap, thank you.
Perhaps re-read your own post, and the follow up posts. You will soon find that I never said it was the (best show ever)  I did however question whether or not you actually watched it. As for the reasons I love it?  I found it entertaining.  I connected with the characters and felt the loss when they were killed in the wrap up movie. I saw a story line that was only given the shortest of time to scratch the surface of potential. However, that doesn't mean a damn thing to you, and it shouldn't, because it's my opinion. AND your thread asked for that.   Anything else you want to try and ditch me on?
Level up armor, weapons, and spells...you can still do it. Just makes you win worth more solo!
My wife and I have been together for over 9 years, she sounds a little like you. She didn't much care for my flirtatious behavior, but has learned that it is just my personality. She is the one for me, and always will be. I don't want anyone else.  You are off to a good start by expressing your feelings, now, take everything you just wrote down, and tell him that.  Even if you have to show him the post, or copy and paste and print it out for him.   The words will do you more good if spoken to the right person.  If he is as good as you say he is, you will be fine, and you both with grow a bit and move on in your joint relationship.
Welcome, please feel free to tell your friends as well. More the merrier!
Thank you! I will post it up there instead. I searched for the right place to put this. Guess I didn't search far enough.
I have been writing for over 4 years. I have finished a 96k book as well as multiple short stories, and have plenty of work unpublished. My reviews are 4+ stars for the most part, yet I feel like a failure in writing and no longer have the drive to continue. Has anyone else gone through this?   Thank you all for the input. My wife interupted me tonight, but I managed to get a minor 500 words down. It's better than nothing, and a start in what I believe is the right direction.