You could always edit the story into this comment: http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/3aydou/update_surprised_my_boyfriend_with_a_ps4_for_his/csh53n2 it seems pretty high up with a good number of upvotes. Also no need to be sorry! I remember reddit being confusing for me too when I first started.
This is the only good reply to a shitpost like this. 10/10 good job Fozzie.
Yeah it was the ending with the Crone...don't know if CDPR ran out of time or if maybe it's meant to imply in some weird way that Geralt feels extremely lonely and that his and the other characters fate dosen't matter.....that's stretching pretty far but it's the only thing I can come up with lol.
Got the ending where she sacrifices herself to stop the Frost. Can't believe I don't get to know how the other characters reacted and what happened to them....wondering if this is just a CDPR fuck up (maybe they ran out of time like suggested below?) or if there's something im missing? On the other hand, I feel like this is one of the morally 'better' endings, as Ciri is saving an entire planet.  Also, did anyone find the boss fight with Eredin/Other Wild Hunt General really really easy? Like each one of his hits only took away about 1/20th of my healthbar, and each of my Quen signs absorbed two of his hits. I'm 99% sure even the wild hunt dogs were doing more damage to me.  I was using full master ursine armor/sword, specc'd mostly into the red skill tree, at around lvl34.  I just can't imagine why they wouldn't tell us what happened to the other characters (in this and other endings).
New mirror: https://vid.me/TUXh crumps m8 you should know once something is on the internet it never comes down. http://imgur.com/1V6IZL2
It's not begging if we want to give you the money, we're just giving you money for a service. Also like someone else said I and a lot of other people don't speak german so I can't even watch your show.
The subreddit is empty. Read the message on the gate. Sounds like your experience has been jaded somehow, and I apologise on behalf of whoever did that. I sincerely hope you decide to try and get back in, as its a rewarding experience with good communities, whose requirements aren't nearly as bad as you make them out to be... i'm nearly 5 months in and i'm in pretty much every private tracker I want to be (music,games,movies,tv) Greetings.
It's such a fucking weird pick for that catagory. All of my wat.
Yeah i'm relatively new to the game, I don't think i'm in a position to suggest nerfs or buffs. If it was so easy that I could suggest something (or even you, having used them extensively) to 'fix' it then CCP would have done it already.  Granted too most of the bitching i've heard is either from reddit or corp mates, i've never actually flown one. I can see however why they're considered OP.
What was the name of your ship?
Three points:  1.This post reeks of insecurity. No one that's remotely successful in real life feels the need to defend themselves in a 1500 word essay to a bunch of internet strangers, unless of course they're, in some way, invested in that community. Why take the time?  I really have no interest in this game or community anymore  Seriously? See my above point.    2.You still haven't apologized for when you did flame him. No 'sorry', no 'I guess I did something bad'. In fact, you completely avoid the matter of reconciliation and just say that the fact that you've stopped is enough. Seriously, WTF? Anyone with basic reasoning skills can see the absurdity of this.  3.The fact that you just deleted the comment you got called out on (http://i.imgur.com/rnYE344.png) means we can't trust your comment history, or your claims of not flaming him in 6 months.You even reply to that comment not with a humble or an apologetic tone, but with the words "Haha I forgot about that". Seriously? Is this how a person who works "full time in a STEM field" acts? Although TBH doing tech support is working in a STEM field too, I guess.
Hate to break it to you but what the other people in this thread said was true. Apart from there being discreet similarities the games are really nothing alike. I guess if you ran a guild the managment skills would be comparable but even then it's pushing it.  If you're completely new to the game: do the tutorials, do the sisters of eve quest line. Look at this website: http://swiftandbitter.com/eve/wtd/ and find out what you want to do. Join a corp for it. Get better at it, and above all have fun.
I see, thanks.
Cool,cheers for the answer.
It seems a bit of a low blow just to try and discredit him over things he did then; and it really shouldn't have any impact on how you view his purely informative guides, it's not like he's trying to put across that he's the most perfect player and person in the universe. We've all made mistakes, as i'm sure you have. We try to learn from them and move on. How would you like it if in every post you made on reddit some guy was bringing up your past begrudgingly?
Do you guys know what bad games TotalBiscuit has reviewed ?