at a water park
**Why did we decide to do this?** We listened to the feedback from players, and decided to do away with Online Pass. We hope that eliminating Online Pass will allow more people to play and enjoy EA games for a long time to come.
Just my neighborhood bird chunking me the deuces
Im not complaining one bit, im complimenting. But thanks for the comment.
Heres my take: His age. Seen a few wars. His profession, police officer, big bet he had taken place in one of wars. Small, local town has a VFW. Guy probably spends lots of time there with other cops/vets. Doesnt want to end up as a picture on the wall there.   (edit: VFW are members only, must have served in combat (not just in the military so its like a little club for specific veterans. most old timers that are eligible join the club. its a good organization that takes care of prior and current military members that have served in combat zones)  -or-  The VFW building is adjacent to his cars. If he gets shot "hell end up on the wall at the VFW" as in maybe blood/ body parts, and crap. Thats a stretch though. Go with first
Here's the jist of it. Tags are given by the state to control the taking of wild game, as to account for numbers and how many can be taken without endangering the species/family in the area. Its legal to kill these animals if you have the proper tags.  The problem is this. When you have 700 acres of land in the northwest, poaching is easy. The story that the family is going with absolutely makes no sense at all. They paint a picture of this 11 year old girl being a bad ass traccker, shes not. There is no way her and little brother are hanging out and she runs in the house, after making the ethical decision with her family that she should kill the cougar sense she was the only one with a tag, grabs a rifle and quick scopes a 3ft cougar "stalking" her brother. Especially with their prior engagements with endangered animals.  Favorite line is by the grandpa saying were just trying to follow the law as best as we can or what not. No, no, no my friend, your last issue wasnt a little mistake, it was you consciously killing an endangered animal then trying to mail it over the border under false labeling. You are not a law abiding sportsman, youre a piece of shit. The equivelent of Fred Phelps to the sportsman community.
your correct
TIL Maurice Pappworth, a British medical ethicist, published "Human Guinea Pigs," a book which exposed unethical medical research practices. Pappsworth was labeled a "persona not grada" in the medical field. Ultimately, the exposure led to stricter codes for medical experiment on humans.
this isn't a flower is it?
Get the fuck out of there
I'd just take the seizures thank you
Deserved it by no means, means did not deserve it fyi. I can give two shits about downvotes, but seriously like the other guy said she tried stealing the spot from another handicap person. Shes a dick. If shes not a dick, she obviously shouldnt be driving if she was unaware of what was going on. I mean youre all on her side because shes the victim, but what if the person in the other car was older or more handicap? Then you'd all be bashing her. So whatever spin you'd like to take go for it, I still stand by my argument that she put herself in that situation, did she deserve it? by no means. By no means did she deserve it. Deserve it she did not. She did not deserve it. Theyre ya go, now back to watching your VHS thunderdome tapes.
After the earthquake, survivors began injecting opium on a large scale. It was easily accessible, due to Bam's location on a trade route for drugs coming from Afghanistan and Pakistan. By 2006, over 50% of men and roughly 15% of women were addicted. The youngest addict was reported to be 11 years of age. Construction workers have historically been large injectors, and the rise in addiction may be attributed to them passing needle onto the public. An anonymous UNICEF worker claimed that drugs were slowing reconstruction and lessening motivation.[37]
Shopped. 100% Photoshopped Bro. Get out of here with that shit!
OP's mom is a busy lady.
Status, its big and expensive and when I drive past others it makes them question why I own such a vehicle. Or maybe youre just passing these people in there off time, what if they use the fuck out of their suv from the hours of 8-5, hours of working people. Hours you most likely do not drive... being a musician and all...