I'm paranoid. What are the odds of a brand new parked/locked Mercedes (I would assume they are pretty well sealed) having a cockroach from the outside crawl into it in a 2 week span?   So I am staying at this filthy as fuck compound for 2 weeks for Army duty. There are cockroaches in all the buildings, there are also tunnels and steam vents and sewers all over. There is a bunch of junk out here as well. I imagine this is why the area has roaches. It is the midwest though so it isn't like the south, however the roaches I have seen are extremely large and I believe they are American Roaches... which are the same type of Roach the South calls "Palmetto Bugs"  If the car is parked and locked, and none of them hitchhike on me or my stuff, what are the odds one would find it's way inside while the car is parked on a lot surrounded by these infested buildings?  I would say the car is probably 40 feet from the nearest building (that is newer so probably not that infested) and a few hundred feet from the more deeply infested buildings, however pretty much every building on the compound has them so I would imagine they must roam outside at night.
Someone called the guy in the main picture the "Muffintop Militia". That's kind of funny and all, and I'd expect that comment on Reddit, but as a service member myself I appreciate what they are doing and think it's pretty shitty people are making fun of them.  They aren't really providing protection but they are sending an important message, that we are sitting ducks and should be allowed to carry side arms in uniform wherever we go.  Arming us stateside does NOT make us law enforcement and does NOT violate possee comitatus. It would strictly be a self defense measure and we would carry concealed as many of us already do in and out of uniform in areas where concealed pistols are allowed.  I would like to see some type of exemption for soldiers [similar to police officers](http://le.nra.org/leosa.aspx), where they are exempt from pistol free zones. We have been proven to be a target both on and off duty, and should have the right to defend ourselves anywhere we travel on uniform.
Not even so much that their accustomed to it, just that a chess AI program that can see 30 turns out can take far more advantage of a versatile piece like the queen than you can, where as The simpler pieces like a pawn are so basic that your ability to predict the cause and effect of them is probably on par with the computers.  When it comes to a game against a human opponent, it's more to do with fucking up any unseen combos they might have planned. This works in magic the gathering, chess, civ, etc.  Thr smartest man realizes they know nothing at all and plans accordingly.
I dont know anyone near the base and the place they want me to park on base is on a long dirt range road that would pretty much destroy my paint if I drove down it. they have giant vehicles driving down it all the time that kick up rocks like bullets  so I decided to park off base instead
Ok I will check them out. I haven't accomplished anything that would blow anyone away (or be newsworthy), and I know everyone think's their life could be a book/movie, but based on the feedback I've been given of some of what I've put out there, I figured it would make for a good read. My only anxiety with it would be if the book as a whole took off, people in my past would recognize me. For this reason I might change names and locations... which I'm assuming most people do anyway.
I was taking a shit actually when I typed it. Had I not had fried chicken for lunch the course of history and perhaps a few arrests could have been prevented
3. Prize description isnt that vague if you check out our contest rules. Well be flying 5 winners to join us in celebrating National Reddit Meet-Up day in San Francisco at the top of the pyramid for what were calling a Meat-Up hence all the meat puns. Music, food, fun and free t-shirts. Seems simple.  If it wasn't vague you wouldn't have a bunch of people asking what the details were.    If you think the cost of this is $5,075.00 then youre simply adorable and we wish you ran the big networks.  I was referring to the total cost of all the prizes listed in your contest page.  A comment is not a lead. A lead would be someone giving us their personal information and raising their hand saying that they want more info or to be contacted by us.  Good point. Looks like your cost per actual lead then is a lot higher.   1. This isnt a PR contest.   I know I'm right when people start arguing with me on semantics. As you've stated you sunk a lot of money into this... a lot more than the $5075... so either you're hoping to generate leads from this contest (which seems pretty expensive now based on your definition of a lead) or it's a goodwill gesture to get your company's name known.
Intj yes
App?
I read the FAQ, had a few more questions   I'm interested in law because I'm extremely analytical. I've always stood out well above others at any analytical task. I also want a job that will pay a 100k salary, even if it means going into a lot of debt to do so.  That being said, it seems like my best bet is to work my ass off to get into a T14. How difficult is that?  I think my cumulative UGPA was around 3.6 or something, if you include classes from the community college I transferred from to my 4 year. GPA is about 3.7 if you only look at the 4 year.  My degree is in Business Management, I also have about 6 years in the Army Reserve (still in, do I get some type of affirmative action bonus for military status)?  Assuming I got a good LSAT score, how hard is it to get into a T14? I'm not worried about scholarships, I will borrow the full bill if I got accepted as it seems T14 is a license to print money if you make it through.  I currently make about $48k at a crappy office job I got right after college. (I graduated 2 years ago). I have almost no student loan debt, so I'm wondering what my opportunity cost will be to go to law school, and what kind of salary I can expect starting if I graduate from a T14 and place middle of the road in the class.  EDIT: I live near U of M, and they appear to be a high ranking school. Would I have a shot there? What kind of salaries do they see starting? I could literally go there with free rent as I have family in the area.
I like to live dangerously
This was the least likely reply I expected.
http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/2y51z7/im_an_82year_old_lady_who_has_never_been_online/
/r/just90sthings
I hadn't seen it on streetview before tonight while trying to patch my memory together.  My heart jumped a little when I found it.  It's really eerie to think about those mountains back there, and how Wyatt Earp and his crew stared at that very same landscape.
A story of me and a few Army buddies using a Ouija board in Tombstone, AZ. This actually happened, and is 100% true.   I wanted to start out by saying this story is 100% true. I know people will say that to add immersion, but it really is, and this is the only place I knew where to post it at.  Do I believe everything that happened actually happened? Not necessarily, Im as skeptical as you will be, and I welcome any explanation as to how the events that occurred were not supernatural. It could have been an elaborate prank on behalf of my friends, but there are several reasons why I find that hard to believe. Mass hysteria maybe? Who knows, anyway here is the story:  I enlisted in the Army in 2009, and had my AIT (Advanced Individual Training) in Fort Huachuca, AZ.   Pretty much any soldier stationed at Fort Huachuca (often nicknamed Fort We-Gotcha) has above average intelligence. Most of the MOSes require a very high ASVAB score. Needless to say, the friends I made were a unique bunch, many of us gaming nerds.   Huachuca is about 20 minutes from the Mexican border and about 40 minutes from the infamous Tombstone, AZ.   One day we were bored and swapping ghost stories. One of my buddies bought a Ouija board at Walmart for us to play around with. Well call him Jackson to protect his identity. Im not sure Jackson believed in the supernatural, but when your disposable income to free time ratio is skewed horribly in the wrong direction, you buy stupid shit to entertain yourself with.  Jackson and I attempted to use the Ouija board in our barracks as the base is extremely old and rife with hauntings. Unfortunately, the barracks we had recently moved to were brand new, so the Ouija didnt work.  Tired of strip clubs and flirting with the Mexican border, we hungered for a unique adventure. I brought up the idea of travelling to nearby Tombstone. Jackson lit up when I mentioned this as he had just heard a story of a haunted house in Tombstone he wanted to check out. We came to a quick, ghost-hunting consensus and invited our buddy Thomson along for the ride.  We arrived at tombstone shortly after dark. It was not quite how I expected it. I had pictured a literal ghost town, with a few dilapidated Wild West buildings and the obligatory tumbleweed blowing through the street.  This was not the case at all. Even at night its basically a normal town with a few historical buildings and tourist traps. In addition to the downtown stretch, they have a residential area just like any other small town in America. It was in this residential area that we began hunting for the supposed haunted house. We got to the area we thought it was in, but werent sure which house it was. After a few minutes of circling the block, the group decided to take a break to piss.  Everyone went a separate direction to pee, but I could not find a place private enough so I didnt go. I was the second person back in the car. I climbed into the backseat and asked Jackson Wheres Thomson?   I dont know, hes been gone for a while, Ill text him said Jackson.  All of a sudden, Thomson (looking whiter than he normally does) comes sprinting towards the car, and frantically tries to open the passenger door. Jackson calmly unlocks the door, and lets him in and asks  What happened?  Dude, youre not going to believe this shit Thomson gasped.  His southern drawl tightened like a cello string,  I was in this house that looked abandoned right, so I go in and look around, and decide to have a smoke. I look down at my phone to text you guys and tell you about it when all of a sudden something touched my shoulder!  Holy shit, what was it? I asked.  Nothing, there was nothing there. I sprinted back to the car  Pumped with adrenaline, curiosity and stupidity, I suggested we go full Mystery Machine and park in a nearby lot and use the Ouija board from inside the car.  As soon as we could get parked (roughly half a block away) we anxiously pulled out the Ouija board and put it in our laps.  As the person designated to ask questions, I began:  Is there anyone there?  To my disbelief, the planchette starting moving. It slowly but surely moved towards YES.  Were you the thing that touched Thomson?  YES it replied again.  Are you the ghost in the haunted house we were going to visit?  NO it answered.  Now this is what took me by surprise. If this was one of the others trying to scare us, why wouldnt they take the obvious bait? Claim to be the ghost we saw and commence scaring the shit out of us. I mean, thats like a Nigerian scammer writing you about your long lost fortune, and then responding no when you ask if hes able to give you $6 million instead of $5.5 million.  At this point, I had a flashback of just about every creepy Ouija experience I had ever seen or read about. They always started with some clich questions like lol how did u die and ended with OMFG and a flurry of telekinetic activity. I wanted this session to be different. After all, we were a handpicked bunch of intelligent people, not a group of scared teenagers. If this was real, I wanted this specter to break history with me.  So I took a moment and started thinking, what would I want to know about a ghost? What questions can I ask that arent clich? What can I ask that will break the linear decision tree where all Ouija boards end up telling you they want you dead?  I realized any questions I asked had to be extremely specific, and offer no chance for creepy deviation in the answer. I suppose I could ask it for the coefficient of Pi, and it could just respond with die bitch over and over, but I had faith in the ghost.  So the first question I asked was:  Name one thing the building you touched Thomson in was used for.  The planchette slowly started to move again. HA! I thought to myself, this thing cant possibly get creepy from this question. I bet it will say like General Store, or Post Office, or  S L A U G H T E R  Pucker factor 9. Good game ghost, have an upvote I guess.   But seriously, I again realized this was probably not one of us joking around because slaughter has not been used as a common term since the 1800s. You dont log on to CNN and see Man slaughtered today in small house in Arizona, details at 11. If my friends were pulling a prank, the easiest verb would have been something like Murder or Buttsex.  Intrigued, I decided to ask it why it touched Thomson.  H E L P it replied.  Thinking this would lead somewhere creepy, I asked when it died instead.  1 8 6 7   I again started thinking of questions I could ask that no one ever thinks to ask a ghost. I remember hearing on some website that you are NEVER supposed to ask a Ouija board about God. So I did the only logical thing an Atheist would do at that point:  Why arent I supposed to ask you about God?  NO came a quick, terse reply.  So I tried to be more creative, I asked it:  If you were playing World of Warcraft, what class would you play?  Its gonna say Undead Warlock, I guarantee i.  NO it snapped again.   It was weird, despite being an entity that couldnt directly talk to us, you could almost sense its tone of voice through how it moved the planchette.  I wanted to continue asking it questions, but our First Sergeant interrupted the session with a frantic phone call. He ordered all of us back to base for 100% accountability due to someone losing their weapon. Disappointed, we packed up and headed back.   The next day we were telling the others in our platoon about our experience the night before. After many bullshit and eyerolls, another soldier named Green showed interest. We decided to try to talk to the ghost again and take Green with us. He had an SUV which would give us more room to set up the board.  As a soldier, my first instinct was not only to plan our arrival and departure time, but safety contingencies as well. This was especially on my mind after the previous night. I briefed the group in advance that if anything creepy happened, we were better off with a pre-identified plan on what to do so as to take the spirits by surprise. Our ghost hunting SOP was as follows:  At approximately 2000 hours we will depart for Tombstone. This will allow us to arrive after dark. We will take two vehicles: Greens SUV and Jacksons coupe. Jackson and Thomson will ride in the coupe, while Green and I will ride in the SUV.   *We will set up our session in the SUV so as to allow for a quick departure if anything spooky happens.  *We will leave any weapons or sharp objects back at the base. Spirits can only harm others by proxy. If there are no objects around to throw (or possess someone into using), then the only physical danger will be soiling our underwear.  *In the event of one of us feeling creeped out beyond belief, or an impending sense of doom, we will give an obvious signal to the others to quickly pack up and leave. Each soldier will return to the vehicle they traveled in and take off back to the Base. Upon leaving the scene, the vehicles will immediately establish contact via cell phone to ensure safety and share in a moment of Holy shit what the fuck just happened.  So it was settled. We had our plan and were feeling confident. The undead were no match for Arizonas finest soldiers.  We parked in the same lot we had the night before and eagerly took out our Ouija board. There were four of us now and we were feeling confident, but I wont lie if I told you that I was jittery as fuck. Literally everything I knew about life and the universe at this point was challenged by what we had seen the previous night. I felt like the equivalent of someone who discovers a six inch tall genie in their closet that only they can talk to. It literally felt surreal, like a movie.  Green was especially nervous about being with us as he was raised Catholic. Though he was no longer religious, he still had that strongly ingrained fear of Ouija boards. Green opted to just spectate as we placed the planchette on the board. There were three of us controlling it.  We started by asking if anyone was there, and received a very slow, strained YES  I asked if it was the same being we talked to the previous night, and it said NO  Going off the same theme as last night, I wanted to mindfuck the ghost. I did not want to give it the opportunity to be creepy, and I wanted it to answer questions no one would think to ask.  I wanted to expose the ghosts vulnerabilities. As of now, the ghost was this mysterious all powerful being. However, as any logical person knows, the paranormal is just science not yet discovered.   The ghost MUST have limits I thought. It isnt God and therefore has things it cannot do, things it cannot have. So I had the bright idea to ask:  What is one thing you want that you cannot have?  L I F E it answered.  I wasnt sure whether to feel like an ass, idiot or both.   Before I could decide between shame and stupidity, the interior light in Greens (brand new) SUV flickered.  Holy. Fucking. Shit. That doesnt just happen. The only time Ive ever seen a light flicker in a car was when it was being started. This was getting a little too real. This spirit was alpha, and it was asserting its ethereal dominance.  After regaining my composure I began to brainstorm more questions.    Youve been askin it all the questions, let me give it a try Thomson contested me.  Fine, go ahead I said.  What do you want from us? he asked, in his defiant Georgia accent.  S T E V  Dude theres no fucking way.. I thought to myself   My name is Steven and all, but there is no  E N  At this point I was terrified. No one there knew my first name but Thomson. Also, the planchette was moving in a puppeted fashion, *away* from Thomson when it spelled it out. The best way I could describe it was an invisible thread, straight from the front of the car pulling the planchette, based on how it twisted and turned. There was no one in the front of the car.  Before I could even react, the center console which was about five inches ajar, closed by itself. I calmly invoked our military plan of action:  Ok guys, it just spelled out my first name. Lets get the fuck out of here  No one said a word or hesitated for a second. Thomson and Jackson scrambled out of the SUV and into Jacksons Eclipse. Green and I piled into the front seat of the SUV. Green immediately shifted to drive and peeled out of the dusty lot. Im not sure a Ford Escape has ever been used in such a literal fashion.  Green was in shock and so was I. My Atheist brain was questioning if God might actually be real and Greens devout brain was pondering the opposite. Our trance was broken by Greens Alt-Rock ringtone. It was surreal hearing pop culture in that moment, when our brains were so far removed from reality.  Green answered the phone. It was Jackson and Thomson. Their car wouldnt start! They had never left Tombstone!  Green slams on the breaks and bangs a U turn that would put Vin Diesel in diapers. He floors the modest SUV. We were going about 100 MPH, heading down Arizona 82 back towards Tombstone.  Dude slow the fuck down I yelled.   At this point I was far more afraid of Greens driving than the spirits.  THEYRE OUR FUCKING FRIENDS, WE CANT LEAVE THEM THERE  We knew the general direction back to Tombstone and arrived rather quickly. Tombstone isnt as tiny as youd imagine, and we couldnt quite remember where we had parked at. As I am trying to figure out where we are, Green freaks the fuck out.  OH MY GOD  What dude?  I CANTIM NOT DRIVIN THE CAR ANYMORE  What the fuck are you talking about?  I CANT MOVE  As if it couldnt get any more frightening, I realized in the middle of Greens outburst that we had inadvertently ended up at the parking lot we left!  Im always trying to think logically, so I deduced the following.  At this point, two things are possible:  1.	Green is possessed by a butthurt ghost who basically told me to check my living privilege. 2.	Green is experiencing a psychotic breakdown.  Either one of those is a threat to our safety at this point, so I just started shouting at him with simple commands. If he was possessed or simply psychotic, simple instructions were the best course of action.  GREEN STOP THE CAR  GREEN STOP THE CAR  GREEN STOP THE CAR  I ordered in a commanding voice.  Eventually, logic and reason fought off whatever had possessed him and he pulled over. I switched seats with him and began driving. Right after I took over driving, Jackson called and let us know they were safe, and about 10 miles down the road towards base.      Green was still in a trance, but once we got about a quarter mile from ground zero, whatever triggered him without warning originally had left. This leads me to believe that if ghosts are real, they have the effective possession range of a quarter mile.   Throughout the ride, we struggled to comprehend what had happened that night. Green told me that he could tell the ghost wanted me, and that it was telling him to drive down an alley, but that he came to his senses in time. He said it wanted me bad, and it wanted him to kill me. It probably would have had him attack me before we left, but our pre-meditated escape took it by surprise, so it stalled Jackson's car to lure us back.  I asked him why it didnt just kill me itself, and he told me Probably because Im bigger than you and more emotional. You think very logically, youre a lot harder for a spirit to manipulate. Plus I was in control of the car. This made sense, and was pretty chilling to think about. If the spirit had succeeded, it would have simply hit the news as Soldier murders other soldier in Tombstone. PTSD suspected. I imagine thats the case when you hear about mothers spontaneously drowning their children in a bathtub, or other inexplicable murder suicides. Its probably a ghost or spirit, but gets blamed on psychosis.  About halfway back to base we stopped at a gas station. Green, still not *completely* in his right mind, opened the hatch of his SUV, took out a sunshade that came with his car and threw it in the dumpster.   What did you do that for?  I dont know, it just felt evil. Really evil he answered.  That was the final straw on how real this was. It really drove in how much this was probably not an elaborate prank. Why would he go to the extent of throwing away an expensive OEM part of his car to freak me out when I was already emotionally exhausted?  To this day I am still an Atheist, but I do wonder about the paranormal, as it could very well be science not yet discovered. I would imagine that communicating with a spirit is the equivalent of trying to talk to an invisible man in the room, who cannot touch anything. His only way of communicating is holding a portable fan, and blowing paper suspended by a string from the ceiling. He blows it right for yes and left for no. I imagine this is why they communicate in such slow and brief answers.  I did a little more research on the location and posted a map and pictures for you guys below.  Ironically, we were in the parking lot for the OK Corral, the famous haunted location where the outlaws had their shootout in the 1800s. From what I can gather, the gunfight happened well after 1867, but keep in mind we talked to two separate spirits. I cant help but wonder if the second one was one of them.  Map showing key points of interest: http://imgur.com/twnP7r2  Streetview of the parking lot we were in: http://imgur.com/L2guyXG  Also, I have heard of the ideomotor effect, so if you would like to help me come up with logical explanations for what happened, keep in mind I am aware of that and it does not explain the light flickering and the console moving. I am also aware of Occams razor, and would welcome a shave at this point as I think it would save my sanity.   So please Reddit, convince me Im crazy.