At work, can respond more later, but Bernie is way to socialist for me. And I don't like a lot of his solutions, as they are short-sighted solutions that only fix symptoms, not underlying issues. His 'pay for all public colleges' bill is a perfect example of why I don't agree with most of his stances. That, and his profound interest in wealth redistribution.
It does not seem like a question to me. It looks like rhetorical sarcasm. Not to mention I only said that currently no one is dying form lack of food - *we have food stamps now, and that's probably why*. It's an accusatory question.
First the FO website is garbage, now Wimbledon.   Huge upset the other day with Gasquet beating Wawrinka, but I can barely find anything about it. Granted this was two days ago, I should be able to find something easy. Scrolled down and clicked on a link only to find the score sheet. All this redesign of the websites just for the sake of trying to be trendy is all at the expensive of good user experience. /r/webdev it's your fault.
America is getting worse. Anti religious sentiment is growing daily. One day they will prosecute us, in the name of 'morality'.   Think they will stay silent about our 'barbaric tradition' of circumcision? Think they will let use keep our shuls tax-free? Think non-Jews will be happy to let us keep taking time off for Jewish holidays? Science and evolution? Homosexuals? Judaism is the antithesis of where this country is headed. It won't happen suddenly, but over time you will see.
That's awesome. May this be encouragement to others (and myself)!
I was wondering how far down I'd have to go to see this. Surprised this isn't higher. Here is an upvote.
Thanks Obama
1. Change laws to make this much more difficult, if not impossible to happen.  2. Lower corporate tax rate to make sure this doesn't happen.  This will increase revenue from WalMart and companies like Apple, Google, etc. At a 35% tax rate, and with laws that allow you to take money overseas easily, is there any surprise? Instead of getting 35%, we end up getting significantly less. So then what's the point of the 35% tax rate if it forces companies overseas? It is self defeating.
Lol no are you kidding? I saw him post this for the 18th time yesterday. I was wondering if that's a number he pulled out of his hat, but he is actually counting. The point is:  **MAKE A FUCKING STICKY ALREADY**
Haha yea. And I am annoyed with the "chill the fuck out" comments. I wasn't freaking out about this. I actually have an example of an even bigger parking etiquette fail, 2x Cara behind this pickup.  Oh, and the pickup is still there
So, if I understand the habits of you people correctly  Excuse me?  It's interesting how the Post dissects one of the dozens of times Gruber said about masking the cost of Obamacare in order to get it passed. This article from the post would make sense - if that was the only quote we have a Gruber. And let us not forget our President himself who promised we could keep our doctors, which he knew to be a flat-out lie.  If this was a little bill, it probably wouldn't matter. But this was the biggest piece of legislature in the past 2-3 decades (maybe more), so you can't just throw your hands up in the air and say, "Oh haha that's how they do it in politics!".   I'd like to see Republicans say that when defending Bush's invasion of Iraq, and see how liberals take it. "haha yea we lied about WMDs. You know, people are stupid. If we told them the truth, we would have never been able to invade Iraq! HAHAHA"  Yea, I'm sure you'd think that's totally legit.  And my initial comment was a joke. But it's also poking at liberals who are quoting an Republican Senator in a Liberal state who is now claiming the court cases are built on lies - that's a story here. But building the entire premise of Obamacare on lies? That's not a story. That's my point. They are connected in a way. And it's kind of worthless to be quoting a Republican is who likely just trying to appeal to her Democratic constituents in her state.
Root causes/problems:   * rising tuition costs - not actually the cost of education, but the rising dollar amount that institutions charge to students. This is the biggest problem. We wouldn't care about student debt if tuition was $2,500 a year.  * Increased number of diplomas given out, diminishes the value of the diplomas * Poor economy and job placement after college. * Too many students getting majors that cost too much, and have no hope of paying back the loans. * Not enough students going to trade schools or other fields that do not require a 4 year degree. * Governments continuing to allow public schools to raise tuition  * Institutions using students' money, and taxpayer money to make lavish campuses - but not to better the actual education. * Institutions using students' money, and taxpayer money to increase their reputation by hiring elite researchers (at no benefit to undergraduates) * The *culture* pushed by k-12 that everyone should go to college- if they don't, they are somehow a failure.  The problem is the *cost*, and the *job placement* after college. I think we would all be OK with $30,000 of debt, if we all had jobs that paid $75,000 out of college.  The fact that students are struggling with debt is the symptom of a lot of other issues (that I mentioned). Bernie's solution does nothing but eliminate debt - which is nice - but doesn't fix the root problems - and in fact would likely exacerbate many of them.
Reselling/buying 'The Fight of the Century' tickets.   So tickets go on sale at 3pm ET. Three places to get them:  * Ticketmaster.com * Mgmgrand.com/mayweather * Calling 800-745-300 (only 9 digits?)  So I guess the questions would be:  * Way to have the best odds of getting a ticket (there are only 500) * Which ticket will have the *lowest* demand? * Which ticket will give you the best return (total return, not percentage)  Since there are only 500 tickets going on sale, it will be almost impossible to get them, even if you go to the website at exactly 3pm.   My theory - call 1 minute early to the phone number, and visit both websites at exactly 3. There is a chance those website won't be able to hand the load, and only those on the phone will get the tickets.  Is it even worth trying?  [Here](http://sports.yahoo.com/blogs/boxing/deal-reached--so-tickets-for-mayweather-pacquiao-bout-on-sale-today-190839016.html) is the link describing info.
I think I can guarantee the line number, or at least I can guarantee what the line will begin with (connection ... etc).  Yea I'm just wondering what too I can use. I have sed but not awk on Cmder. I have never used sec, but maybe that will work.
Lol that's hilarious, but post this in /r/shittyprogramming
My (very simple) website looks awful on mobile. What is a simple solution?   My website has a title, a subtitle, and a picture. I like the way it looks on my browser. However on my mobile phone (Note 4), the text is not center adjusted, and is way too small. [Here](http://askyourlor.com) is the website.  I am asking this in /r/learnphp because it will have php in it, and /r/learnhtml is a ghost town.