Aaannnnndd a big gushing upvote for you. I hope this post does very well today.
With technological advancements and social media, people think that just because they have a "microphone" or a "platform" for essentially instantaneous global public discourse, they also necessarily have a "voice" or "valued opinion", when the truth is that everyone should go back to the good old days of shutting the fuck up and vaccinating their god damn kids. But then again, I'm just some asshole who thinks everyone should listen to my opinion, voiced above. So fuck me too.
Three Amigos
PsBattle: This old guy sleeping agape at an airport.
Tesla/SpaceX Hyperloop prototype.
I have zero business sense and even less ambition, I'm just a guy laying in a beanbag chair. Ideally someone else would put in all the leg work, carry this idea through to fruition, then get super rich off of it so I can send them a screenshot of this post in a few years and try to get a couple million dollars in sympathy money from them, all without leaving my beanbag.
They should make nicotine patches that look like tattoos because then people who initially thought it looked cool to start smoking can still look cool with tattoos while they quit.
That's exactly my point. If you rack it and put it on safe, then you know 100% its safe. Then when you're done taking pictures of it to show people on the internet, then you can again visually clear the chamber, put it on fire, and release the firing pin to relieve spring tension for storage until the next time you want to take it out and take pictures of it.
Panda Venom
The 14 year old me was pretty certain you were supposed to pee inside a girl's bagina when you had sex, too.
Salt is the opposite of pepper and squirrels are the opposite of chipmunks.
Fun fact: all Pekingese have a similar yawn button located on either side of their face just inside the hinge of their jaw.
This was "Simply the Best" tifu today, little bro.
Its a great opportunity to give high school students a taste of the real world, where popularity is everything, a lucky few succeed, and everyone else watches from the piss-soaked streets below as the top 1% revel in their own wealth and glory.
The human race is bored.
A) I don't watch porn in the shower I watch it at work, while I drive, when I'm on the toilet, when I'm in bed and when I'm watching TV and when I'm sitting on my porch.  B) I don't watch dicks but its hard to watch straight porn without noticing the main supporting actor just smashing away at the female lead.  C) I do watch dicks, dicks are awesome.