Apple Music songs don't remain in Playlists?   Anyone experienced this? I'll add 8 songs or so to an original playlist, but when I go to the playlist, 5 or 6 of them refuse to be added.. even after Apple Music gives me the "added" checkmark to indicate that it worked.
Good call... a google image search for beagle/doberman pincher also may be close?
Apple Watch retail plan: 15 min. appointments, 10 try-on stations, Edition experts
And yet, the Jones/DC theatrics really pumped people up. What makes this theoretical type of theatric so intriguing is that it's rare.. especially coming from a guy like Also.  How great when Anderson Silva put on the mask when he faced off against Vitor? Can't MMA purists have a little bit of fun and enjoy the show?!
I suppose its rare, having seen innumerable harold shows, that I see a great opening. Perhaps I'm jaded, but just food for thought I guess :)
I went to high school with the guy in the Hangover.. Justin Bartha.. the guy who they are looking for..  Was mostly a nice guy, tiny bit of an ego. shorter than you can imagine.. He once got super pissed off at me in gym class playing basketball when i blocked the shit out of one of his shots.. i was a nerd who was even shorter than him so hence the anger.  Supposedly, i heard from a friend, that in HS he once said that if he goes to hollywood and struggles and doesn't get his first commercial/break until he's 80, it would still be worth it.  Guess you can say he had a goal and was dead serious about it
Agreed. It's like a bizarre press tour where something that is objectively bad has been amplified as if it's the most evil thing humanity has seen. Bunch of self-important Silicon Valley pricks on both sides of the equation, I think
Woops, typo on my part. Thanks for the heads up :)
It may dissappear after 2-3 days.. it may just be the glue if its recently manufactured http://www.cultofmac.com/192299/does-your-iphone-5-screen-seem-yellow-dont-worry-overmuch/
Because that's not what they're used for at all. Hardly amusing, it's fundamentally sad and horrific that Hamas leadership has spent tens of millions of dollars to construct tunnels instead of using money earmarked for civilians for, well, civilians.  Take a look at the folks giving Reuters a tour of the tunnel and try and convince anyone that these tunnels have any benign purpose. Amusing indeed.
Not a surprise. I put out a text post saying how "blah" the UFC 174 card was and got downvoted into oblivion. The fact is that the UFC needs more compelling stars. Old stars returning (arlovski) doesn't cut it. There are far too many UFC shows to keep track of these days and dillution is a real problem.  More problematic is that the more of these ho-hum cards we have, the more the UFC's reputation will suffer. 3 ho-hum cards in a row, hypothetically speaking, makes ordering the next UFC PPV (even if it seems great) a little bit tougher.  The UFC seems so dead set on worldwide expansion that they're losing focus of what got them to the promised land in the first place. Also, how often do we hear fighters talking about wanting to fight more? The UFC needs to get borderline top guys like Luke Rockhold more fights. I just saw him on UFC tonight the other day and he wants to fight ASAp, but he may not even get a fight lined up till September.
Apple's WWDC 2014 keynote video now streaming as OS X 10.10 Yosemite, iOS 8 betas seeded
Tesla Model S is a premium product that folks are willing to spend a premium price for. Will the Model E, as a mainstream product, be able to attract mainstream buyers who only have 1 shot at making a correct purchasing decision?  In other words, will most folks be too put off by Electric? The rollout of superchargers can only help tho, esp with gas stations almost everywhere
I still can't beat it, but love trying.. nice to see what the final level or 2 actually look like :-p
Something tells me they'll both be fine. Also, it depends on how you define "success". Apple will keep on making more and more money than Steve Jobs could have ever dreamed of, but that doesn't necessarily mean that they'll be as innovative.  Guess we'll see what the iWatch has to offer
i believe that's part of the plan as well. the patent granting system has appeared to be messed up for some time now. There's even a patent on a golf swing, and of course, the myriad of patents covering unbelievably vague technologies that are nothing more than abstracts