The bullet count might be a bit off...
[H] LOTR War in the North [W] 2x L4D2 or offers   Ill check the offers in the morning,cheers
ako covek daje sajkacu za snajpera ima par karata od mene!
Its a tactical squad shooter.If you played Ghost Recon before then theres your explanation.If not,well youre basically in a squad with a couple of other people,and you get objectives(Take out other squad,capture locations).Its based in Vegas(duh) spec ops teams and it uses cover systems like Mass Effect(if you played it).Yes,yes it is fun but its an old game nonetheless.
Ok,after playing the game all i have to say is that it aint that bad guys.Yes,for some reason i think the first one looked better,played better and all in all just WAS a better game.The problem with this game is the same with DmC:Devil may Cry.It would be a great stand alone game.But as a long awaited PvZ sequel?Meh.
I believe its here too,but i don't think it is on all of the games,which would explain how they got the amount...or I just overlooked a number,give me a moment and i will check it  EDIT:just checked,the pack is 50% off here too,yet for some reason it says you only save 7,74 in the deal...
Glad i could help
Hey man,you interested in trading your keys for metal?
[H]A whole bunch of items [W] TF2 items   Hya,feel free to add me or post here,but i guess youll get answered faster by adding me.Heres a link to my inventory,everything is good to go,feel free to offer http://steamcommunity.com/id/LordLuka7/inventory/#570
Dont you get that shit near me!
That sounds real bad man.Well trust me,you can do better than a girl that wont help you go over bad times.Youll find another one,if you didnt already :)
Well post some funny/interesting things online that i would usually keep on my phone and show to friends as a silence buster
Australian!
I like it!I must say,i didnt have the time to read it all,but from what i read,you have a good story on your hands!Also,a tip from a fellow writer.If you are getting stuck on what to write next,try adding something conpletely unexpected.Suprise yourself.What if it wasnt only the humans that carry the virus now?What if even the sealife is,well fucked,and under attack by the virus?
You guys should try out Lost Planet 2...even though the game received a negative response from the ign/gamespot,two of my friends and I found the campaign quite entertaining.Aspecially if you enjoy Big Boss Battles.  As for it having to be free,well I'd have to say you could always try Spiral Knights...that's the only free coop game that is right now on my mind  Edit: Just remembered,if you don't mind downloading it,you can get Marvels Ultimate Alliance.Now that game is something fun to play,and I'd say its  maybe 3-4 years old
Would be funny if someone gave her the link to this..Now that would be something worth watching!