Honestly, when people say "surprise me!" I go through and confirm every ingredient anyways. You don't know if these people have any food allergies or if they're looking to call and complain about the sub later for free food.   I'd rather play 20 questions than get in trouble for killing a customer.
Thanks!
I found a pair on plugclub.com that I was planning on going with, since I don't know how well the goo would go with the acrylic.   I didn't even think of a tree stash! Mine will only be in 2g, so it wouldn't hold near enough to have any fun. I'm sure the larger lobed members here would have a good shot at it though :)
On the PSAT, you're penalized 1/4 of a point for a wrong answer and 1 point for a blank answer. I assume the SAT has similar scoring.
Personally, I don't care for the whole one ear stretched look. But I also don't have a taste for one lobe pierced, or any unbalanced piercings. Ultimately it comes down to taste. If anything, your biggest problem with it will be finding plugs you love, and you're stuck paying for a pair since they're not available in singles.
I have a problem similar to this. The pad on my ring finger catches on my grip during release, and gets a bit sore after a game or two. I don't have much of a solution for it yet, beyond keeping my hand cool so it doesn't swell. I assume it's just anatomy making bowling difficult, but it's my first ball, so it might be something your pro shop guy can do something about.
I'll have to post there too, thanks! I couldn't find a subreddit for spots so I figured here was broad enough.
I'm not sure if you mean you found some covers or you're still a bit lost. I'll go with the latter. If I were to go out and buy Miku's voice (since she is simply software), and make her sing a Lonely Island song, it would be considered a 'real' Miku song as she did sing it.
I've used "I like my women like I like my glasses-sitting on my face!" It's quite effective. (Though before I may or may not be downvoted into oblivion, I take no credit for thinking of it)
"Fucking shit not now I'm at school." Sixth grade. Right before social studies I had to buy one of those cardboard applicator tampons. I take pride that my first tampon was successful.
Lost Things   Hi! I died in Unity recently, and hadn't made a bed yet, so I'm back to square one and I'm afraid my stuff will have despawned by the time I make it halfway to Unity. If you come across a large pile (full inventory) of stings including an enchanting table, a couple brewing stands, some diamond, and a bunch of watermelon, it is probably mine (if there is a stack of beef in it, it is definitely mine). If you are willing to return some of the stuff to me, that's great! As a reward, well, I'm willing to negotiate. Probably most of the diamonds as I don't find too much use for them. And a brewing stand or two if you want.
I don't know if it's the brush or what, but the last one looks awesome. Glad you found a good outlet!
Thanks~! I do love Transformers~
WE NEED UPDATES!!! Unless you're dead...then that would be crazy...or this just annihilated the ending. Or Rose hacked him. Fuck...now I'm overthinking nosleep.
Most certainly!
My brother in law has worked countless hours in factories for the past six years to support my sister, my niece, and now my newborn nephew, and my sister doesn't even give him a birthday card or say thank you. He's sacrificed everything down to his laptop (she kept hers though) to keep them out of the streets and she is asking for a new otter box. She also hasn't had a full time job in the whole time they've been together...spent the past six years on an assistant teacher degree that she dropped out on a month before she would have finally graduated.