Just because this bugging me. Look up my history and check out the post titled "I cheated on my bitch." I saw the joke a mile away its just not original or funny so I ignored it. About the other stuff, I don't see any point in talking to someone so close minded
so about 6 feet
looking for someone chill to play with!   my game name is Dionysus#1697 in the Americas  I've never played against a friend before and i really want to. don't worry, i disenchanted all my priest, shaman, and druid cards so i could make a pirate deck.. i mean a deck that has 5 pirates in it
school security guard put a boot on my car so i took off the tire, took the boot off, put tire back on and was driving away when he came out. he pulled me out of my car and searched my car without permission (later he said i gave him permission) and found a bb gun i forgot about. when i went to jail i spilt some hot ham juice on my foot and got a huge blister bubble (hot ham juice is the most dangerous weapon in jail, that shit was over 100 degrees) but aside from that jail was pretty cool. just watched family guy and played cards and read all day, got 3 meals a day and could take a shower whenever i wanted. i kinda want to go back to jail
I just tasted my cum too! Parents wanted to Skype with relatives so I took a shower and unrolled the hose. I was on my back and meant to cum on my shirt but came too hard. Fuckin Jenni lee...
i was forced to go to NA awhile ago. i think that if you want to stop drinking then you should go. why wouldn't you go if there's a small chance it will help you reach your goal? yes it's extremely religious but that only takes up a few minutes of it, the rest is about hearing other talk openly
250R because it would be my first bike ever. there's a forum just for ninja 250 riders and some people my height own them and love them, but i just want a second and third opinion. because i can't test drive it before i hand over the $2000 and i don't have that yet
thanks. i appreciate you taking the time
i was at a party and this cute girl openly said she only came to fuck me. i pretended not to overhear. i'm so fucking pathetic
i may not be as bad as you, i like hanging out with one friend at a time. whenever someone calls me up i make sure it's only us two kicking it. i stutter and can't pronounce the letter R, i think this is why i'm so quiet around groups of people. i only have one friend now because my other good friends got addicted to shooting up heroin and are no longer the same people i became friends with, so i ignore their calls and texts. i feel awful every time they call and i ignore it. and my other not so good friends, i finally realized only called me because they needed something like for me to drive them around. i guess i needed someone to vent to, thank you stranger
i don't think i'm going to wash them, just grind them into a pb j sandwich. i fully expect to get sick but i'm ok with that.
don't mind me. just compiling some music i might forget about   youth - daughter  fatlip  battleme  phish  massive attack  portishead  Smoking Spore - Toad Patrol  tycho  dj shadow - midnight in a perfect world  bonobo -recurring  a perfect circle - judith  cannibal ox - pigeon  If I Had a Heart - Fever Ray (Fuck Buttons Remix)  Gonjasufi - Blaksuit  fun - all alone  kip moore  Arkasia - Pandemonium  mos def - mathematics  aesop rock  Nas -memory lane - illmatic album  CunninLynguists - a piece of strange album  Tangerine Dream - Ricochet  Jonathan Coulton - re: your brains   still alive  devin townsend  funki porcini - purrfect  Mt Eden Dubstep - Still Alive  One Day/Reckoning Song (Wankelmut Remix) - Asaf Avidan   the Mojos  9 Lazy 9  DJ Food  Cold cut  Crystal Stilts - Frost Inside The Asylums  the tallest man on earth - the dreamer  MF Doom - Vomitspit  Mos Def Talib Kweli ft. Common - Respiration  minus the bear  hopsin  woodkid - iron
Crystal Stilts - Frost Inside The Asylums
thank you very much. one more thing if you don't mind, which number in the picture on this page should the tip of my tongue nearly touch? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alveolar_ridge
oh yeah i forgot about that thing. but i'm talking about on a much larger scale. like a fire extinguisher that you can use on wild animals to get them high so you can catch them.
now that i'm thinking about it, after i payed and picked him up they showed me how they knew he was dehydrated. something with his eyes and the skin on his neck didn't go right back into place if they pulled on it. and they still ran a buttload of tests even though they knew what was wrong.