That's a good point. Kiefer was almost mute in Ground Zeroes and doesn't seem to be doing anywhere near as much voice work as Hayter usually would, so I guess it makes sense that they can't do the Codec stuff with him.
I don't remember exactly what morning talk shows he was on, but I've seen at least 2 interviews where he talks about how difficult it was for him to film scenes without Paul and pretend he was still there and how he basically couldn't stop crying the whole time. He said it was the most difficult time he has ever been through. He didn't say anything overly negative, probably because he was still selling the film, but it was clear he really didn't enjoy pretending his friend was in scenes with him.   Maybe in a year or so everyone will be feeling better and want to make a new film, but it seemed pretty obvious that everyone was having a rough time continuing the film without Paul.
This game is a total bummer.   I'm not trying to be a troll or a hater or anything so sorry if this seems harsh, I'm just a disillusioned Sony/driving game fan.  Servers still aren't working so I can't really comment on the social club aspects, but after playing it all day I'm incredibly disappointed. Firstly, the graphics are amazing, so that's a plus. I also think the driving physics are fine. But it's so depressingly bare bones. And I don't just mean the PS Plus version.  Now, I wasn't expecting a big Forza Horizon style game at all, and I'm certainly not a Forza or Xbox fanboy just trying to bash the game. I knew this was a simple, small game with a clear direction. I was very excited for this game and was really hoping it'd be fun. Unfortunately after about five minutes of playing there's absolutely nothing new or fun to see.  The full game doesn't have a very big or varied car selection at all, no American or Japanese cars of any kind, only three game modes, only one of which is worth playing, no customization, no tuning, no worthwhile options or replayability to be found. You can't even go slightly off the road without a big timer threatening to reset you for some reason, the game slows down your car as a penalty if you so much as slightly cut a corner or hit the AI too many times, and the AI is pretty oblivious and sketchy so this happens a lot. The game just feels so small and restrictive and aggressively mediocre and boring. Just seems like a really basic stripped down simple game with nothing at all going for it aside from having nice visuals and the fact that Forza isn't on Playstation. Plus even the social stuff I don't yet have access to isn't exactly super exciting either.  Obviously going into this game I knew it wasn't going to have tonnes of depth or any customization or anything. I wasn't expecting a massive game and I don't want to put bodykits or anything on my car, but you can't even play around with ABS or traction control or even change the color of the stock car. The game is constantly restricting you and denying you and penalizing you. It's hard to believe a big budget retail game released in 2014, after a year long delay, could be this empty and pointless.  I know there's some updates coming after launch (after a whole goddamn year long delay) but I can't imagine I'd still be playing this game by then.  The game is very very pretty, and I do actually think the driving physics are okay, it could have and should have been good, but it's so incredibly boring and shallow and empty and lifeless. Even if the full version was free I don't know if I'd keep playing it. This game just brings absolutely nothing new or interesting or fun to the table. There are a million driving games on the market already and this game seems like a huge step down compared to pretty much all of them.
I really hope so. The cars that are in the game are all very nice, but it's such a small line up with very very little variety.
That's maybe the strangest thing I've seen on this sub
TLDR; 9/10  "Few recent films have had as much pre-release hype as Gareth Edwards Godzilla, as legions of devoted fans have hungrily devoured each new detail, tease, and marketing release. So, does it deliver? In a word: Yes.  Legendary Pictures' Godzilla origin story carries the weight of unwieldy expectations, but rather than buckle, it is ultimately a fantastic - though imperfect - example of the genre. Gareth Edwards both depicts what is beloved about this magnificent creature and creates a film that is distinctly its own entity, one that brings Godzilla to gorgeous new life. The Easter Eggs and nods to previous versions and additional suitmation favorites will likely be appreciated by sharp-eyed aficionados. If Edwards installment serves as your introduction to the King of the Monsters, though, theres plenty for you to enjoy as well."
[Poor Nic always gets so much hate](http://img.pandawhale.com/post-30267-what-do-you-say-you-cut-me-som-E1On.gif)
Awesome, thank you.
Wow the hypetrain for this movie is insane!  http://www.slashfilm.com/early-buzz-gareth-evans-the-raid-2-sundance-2014/  There are some awesome twitter quotes there.  Also, apparently the movie had the be paused half way through because a dude passed out. Several other viewers took this opportunity to leave because the movie was too "intense" and "violent"
Well that looks awesome as shit
I like it a lot, but I dunno, I think it's moving a little too fast. It's only a ten issue series so it might not have the time it needs to really flesh out the story.  I love the premise, I love the build up, I love the mystery, I love this huge epic storyline they're trying to craft, I love all the ideas, but whenever something really spooky or interesting or atmospheric seems to be coming, the issue either ends, or we have some monster movie horror action jammed in. I feel like this book would be perfect if it was allowed to be a little slower and more tense and restrained.
Ah, great, thanks. That's pretty much what I figured but I'm not nearly educated enough on the subject. Thanks!
Hmmm. That seems kinda generic and disappointing.   I was never super keen on the idea of the hand to hand combat. The car battles and open world wasteland were what were appealing to me. Did the car battle seem over the top and fun and disregarding the laws of physics like Just Cause? Did it seem like you could have done lots of crazy stuff during the car battle, and that the player has lots of control over the shooting and harpooning, or was it fairly scripted?  I heard a dev say the map was as big as Just Cause 2 and filled with side missions and random encounters and stuff to do, so maybe there might still be some potential when the game is further along.  Super bummed about there not being any Australian accents though. I'm still really interested in the game but it seems a lot less impressive than I was hoping.
That it won't eventually come out on next gen consoles. This game looks perfect to me, aside from the small graphical/technical issues that come with the game being a bit too ambitious for current gen. Things like rough textures, anti aliasing, frame rate drops and pop in are all something that we have to deal with in current gen open world games, and even though they don't ruin the game, it's a shame that it comes out so close to the release of a console that would fix those issues.  Plus I'm not sure how well they can plan to continue supporting the game with DLC and mutliplayer if everyone's off playing the new consoles.
I am Australian and I have never seen of heard of this thing before. That's crazy
[spoiler](/s "Kinda obvious. I thought Gary Mitchel fit better and was a more interesting, less well known character, but Kahn is still pretty cool. I thought it might be a bit early in the new franchise to have that character show up,") but if the movie is great then it doesn't really matter who the villain ends up being.