Betrayal At The House On The Hill.  It's a bit hit or miss though, if you are unlucky it can be a slog or over too quickly, and if anyone isn't into the game they can easily ruin it for everyone else.
First successful drone delivery made in the US
Good gravy, I love this woman! She's as gifted as she is a good person, by many accounts. Had the pleasure of meeting her years ago and she was lovely   gracious. I still watch her show occasionally and laugh till I cry! That was perfection
I almost drowned when I was 18. Was drunk and peed to a ship dock and fell in. I tried to swim to surface but heavy bag I had on pulled me deeper. I gave up and was kind of content and wanted to go to sleep and stop struggling. I remember being kind of annoyed when a coworker who had jumped after me dragged me to surface. I just wanted to go to sleep.
Hmmm. That's a tough one! I can't say there is one proud moment that stands out above the rest. It's just all the little things that I've done that bring people a smile, a laugh or that make their lives easier somehow. I just love to hear people laugh! If I can make someone's day better, I just made myself proud. How 'bout you OP? What's your proudest moment?
It's a [website](http://www.poopsenders.com/) that sends poop on your behalf to your friend or enemy.  How they describe themselves : We will send your friend or enemy a healthy helping of some of the nastiest, stinkiest, fresh poop packages you have ever seen. We have several varieties of poop that we can send, including a special poop of the month. Go to the order page to see what's on special this month.  Definitely the most weird thing I've come across on the Internet.
BlackBerry may put Android system on new device
I asked my 8 year old nephew what he was doing and he said "having sex with my girlfriend" (in grand theft auto apparently?). That kid is generally probably gonna go to jail though.
Bombay High Court Decides to Hear Nestle's Plea Over Ban on Maggi Noodles Tommorow
What a view. It's mesmerizing...
Man from Earth
Chocolate Rain
Ultimate wisdom. That way he's no longer my enemy, and I made a friend of the world's wisest man: win/win.
FANTASTIC! ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL AND VERY VERY CREATIVE. WONDERFUL!
http://imgur.com/gallery/X7ETbDU
It's a big scam but if you want to try your luck. Try it. When they ask for money as transfer charges or any other charges. Don't pay them. Ask them to deduct it from winning amount. This will all reveal them...