Caladryl is what I'm using now- calamine lotion and liquid benadryl.
I brushed up against a canvas car top carrier and got a bunch of like little black hairs stuck in my skin that started to burn two nights ago. I'm guessing it's from a caterpillar since I've had reactions from them before, but never have from poison ivy.
High school. Cliche, but we're still going.
It's at an awkward angle for me to try and get a picture. This was taken in the ER .
Just saying what the doctor told me. I have no problem with spiders, just as long as they're not in my bed! :)
Back of the thigh.
My spider bite. It started out the size of a nickel.
What is one thing you know about your spouse, but they don't know that you know?
I am average height (5'6 female). My arms are super long and skinny, I've never been able to do correct push-ups or pull ups. To make it worse, I have incredibly tiny hands. An eight year olds hands can span mine almost perfectly. That itself doesn't bother me, but my nails grow square like a kids too, which makes my hands look ridiculous when the nails are painted :(
Best friend of three years continually used me to make herself feel prettier, smarter, and richer (we were in high school, love those awkward times). She ended up dating my ex just to get at me, and started picking fights with me because I ended up with a wonderful relationship and she couldn't keep a boyfriend. Last words that came out of her mouth to me were "wow, you actually look pretty today!"
Reddit, what's the grossest thing that has ever happened to you?
Cigarette smokers of Reddit, what made you start smoking?
I have a round, nickel sized red mark on my chest, over my heart. I was shot I guess :(
Selfie Sticks. Hate those things so much.
Circumcision is on that same line as vaccinating your child. It's your responsibility as a parent to make decisions for your child as they themselves are not able to. If you decide as a parent that the pros outweigh the cons, then get your child vaccinated, and vice versa. Any boys I have will probably be circumcised, and vaccinated, and put into a public school :)
Card Store Etiquette