Aww congratulations! :)
Thank you! :)))
I'm kind of jealous of her.. :)
Doesn't really matter, if he/she missed it or not. This is not a nice way to talk to someone, especially when someone talks about his/her feelings!   If everything was that easy, we could just tell ourselves "to harden the fuck up", but that's not always the case, as we know. If "IamDolos" is in the mood to not take people's feelings seriously, he/she can do that with himself, but definitely not with someone else.  Sorry, no harm meant.
Who do you think you are?
That's amazing. :) Louis is for sure very special! I'd love to hang out with him, anywhere random in the whole wide world and have a coffee! Such a laid back and interesting person...
absolutely amazing! thank you so much for sharing!
great!
Right, every song is special. :)
Oh how could I forget this one!
so timeless in my opinion.
How could someone here tell you to just go and die...  I feel the same. I'm stuck here and everything else around me is kind of moving forward. Got my high-school diploma in my pocket for over two years now and I'm trying to make it to uni for one and a half year now to study social work, but the expectations are high (and my average too bad). Oh and I'm social phobic, which makes everything a bit worse.    What I'm acutally trying to say is that it's not that easy to completely ignore the outside factors, since we are quite on the emotional side and I definitely understand your desire to just move away and leave all these negative things behind.  Maybe we should both do things step by step, plan little things and not all at once, so we don't hold ourselves back, because we think nothing's not gonna work anyway. J. K. Rowling (writer of the Harry Potter books, in case you didn't know) once said: "It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all - in which case, you fail by default."   I'm definitely keeping this in mind.    (Sorry for any mistakes. Lack of sleep and English is not my native language)
I'd go as Poison Ivy, or as kind of like a chic vampire.. But I'm probably going to stay at home, make myself some tea and watch a nice movie like "Sweeney Todd", "The Nightmare Before Christmas" or "Sleepy Hollow".
Thank you so much for sharing your opinion! I agree that it takes not that much to be plain sarcastic, but more to put sarcasm sophisticatedly to use. Overall I still think, "plain sarcasm" shouldn't be taken too seriously, when it's not used in a harming way.
thank you very much for your "2 cents". :)
This helps me, too. :) Also, darkening the room and lots of fresh air!