I felt like a few of the early ones really broke the tension in the scene for me. Also, the three main characters had so much plot armor that I really didn't feel worry that they were going to get killed at all. And it didn't help that the other cops with them were just dropping like flies and I felt nothing but they were essentially cannon fodder.
After last week's tongue twister dialogue, I really enjoyed this week's Frank   Ray bar session. Especially when Frank tells him to "put this cop shit to bed." Makes me wonder if Ray will toy with the idea. Also, the line "Sometimes your best self is your worst self" was pretty good and direct reference to that Lera Lynn song from ep 1.
And this one too: http://i.imgur.com/QjZcgJX.png
He has been fantastic, especially in tonight's episode. Love his deliveries of his lines (which he has so many great ones.) I was sold on Joe Anderson 1 or 2 episodes ago on the line "good as new" after his surgery. Such snark.
I was a little miffed that Pazzi got offed so soon (since they have 2 more Europe episodes). I mean if the man has really been chasing and obsessing over Hannibal since he was a young man, and was warned by Will, and then caught up on all the gory details (between the news and Jack), and somehow thought meeting Hannibal alone on his turf was a good idea then... I just don't know man. :/
I usually only buy, but I think their prices are a little high. You can generally find the same or similar items through Vinted or Poshmark or eBay. Though obviously they won't have return policies.
The premise of the show is ridiculous: *Dr. Henry Morgan (Ioan Gruffudd) is a New York City medical examiner who studies the dead for criminal cases, and to solve the mystery of his own immortality. Since his first death 200 years ago while working as a doctor in the African slave trade, Morgan disappears almost immediately each time he dies, and returns to life naked in a nearby body of water.*   The pilot is also laughably bad.
Sigh, if only.
*Shes not here is she? Phew, thats a relief. You only get one chance to make a first impression.*  *The end justifies the means.*   Yikes. Poor Skye - you really dont get choose your family. Though at least they've finally explained the back story here so he doesn't seem like a complete psychopath.
I'll be there. I'll bring **Mansions of Madness**. It's been languishing since I got it (almost) 4 years ago, hopefully you guys will want to give it a twirl.  /u/r2d8 getinfo
Probably will be an hour late but might not make it either tbh. Sorry to be flaky... got some personal stuff going on right now.
Yup completely agree. I wish they had paced the show a little better (especially with the villains) but this is just a problem that network pilots run into. You basically have to use the first episode to hook your viewers so you need to throw every single crazy plot twist/characters into it. All the character introductions were solid though a little rushed. We should have had a couple of episodes to establish Mooney   Penguin's relationship and also a couple to establish Gordon and Harvey's relationship - that way the last scene would have been more powerful. Like Penguin realizing he's on the brink of loosing everything from his attempt at betraying Mooney and Gordon realizing the true extent of his partner's corruption would have made for a way more powerful scene.   On a side note, everyone is wonderfully cast and I look forward to this season. This was a solid pilot and solid way of introducing all the characters very quickly.
Week 28 Progress Thread (2800 Words)   As usual please use this thread for updates and posting your snippets. Don't worry if you fall behind or miss a week, just keep on pace with the current week. As always, any discussion or feedback is encouraged but not required! If you are just joining the community never fear, just start with the current week's number of words. Each new week will start on Tuesdays.
I'm interested in the Petticoat Alley sundress, Pink chiffon sundress, and French connection dress. I actually love about 75% of what you have here but you're about 1 size bigger than me and some stuff I know won't fit. :( :( That being said, what is your waist measurement? (I'm a little worried that this won't fit properly - I know I would be swimming in an f21 or xhileration medium for example.) Also, what is shipping to 27560? Thanks!!
Casting 720 and 1080 HD mkvs via Chromecast + Plex?   So I got a Chromecast way back when it first came out but wasn't too impressed with it's ability to play local HD video files (stutter, low quality stream, and lack of certain video/audio support) so I gave that one to my parents.   A friend recently told me about the Chromecast + Plex solution that's available now for streaming local files so I'm thinking about buying another one (especially since they're on sale right now).   My question for you guys is this: how is your experience with the HD playback with Chromecast + Plex? My up/down is 40Mpbs/5Mpbs and I would be running plex off of a 4 year old computer that is i5 dual processor and 4 GB of ram. The majority (~80%) of my files are 10-30GB mkvs, but I also have some smaller mp4s as well.
Kitchen Tiling Questions/Run Through - 1st Time DIYer   Hi guys,   I'm about to close on my first house and the first thing I want to do (before I put appliances in) is tile the kitchen. I'm a total DIY beginner but I have been reading up and watching videos on the tiling BUT I just want to run through my plan and ask questions beforehand to make sure nothing goes wrong. Just for reference, house is from 1999 so fairly new.   Currently there is vinyl in the kitchen (which looks like is over plywood - http://imgur.com/AGbdy4t ):  1. Score vinyl with utility cutter.  2. Peel up.  3. Remove plywood (EDIT: someone said there's probably plywood there and needs to be removed)   Now for actual flooring:   1. Use modified thinset between subfloor and Ditra. Spread and stick it on.  2. Use non-modified thinset above between Ditra and tile. (But must use latex additive for porcelain tile? Does it apply to ceramic as well?)   Some general questions:   1. How long does it take to dry between all the layers? I've heard it takes awhile - up to a week? 2. How do I tile around/cut the tile to work for this vent? (By the window - http://imgur.com/3o1Zk0W) I have read some stuff about using a wetsaw, but is there no other way to do it? I am planning on using a snapper. 3. I am planning on doing a diagonal pattern, are there any guidelines or suggestions where to start? (For example, for just straight squares it is recommended you start in the center and work outwards.)  4. If I decide to go with Wonderboard instead, do I need pay attention to how I screw it down? Or just evenly spaced works?   I would also like any recommendations on the following tools:   -Tile snapper (or saw if that's better)   -Modified Thinset (Someone recommended Versabond)   -Unmodified Thinset (Someone recommended Laticrete ? on the actual one)   -Places to buy cheap tile? (The best I've found is .86 ceramic tile that's on sale at HD)   Is there anything else I've forgotten or failed to think of?   Thanks for any and all help!!