@WowLucky -- A parent's decision not to vaccinate impacts those in the community who cannot be vaccinated -- infants under one and people getting chemotherapy, for example. I'm okay with people having the freedom to not vaccinate, but then they will need to give up sharing public space with other people, whom they are putting at risk.
To stop Ebola, US must be able to diagnose it quickly
Gosh, that is great! Congratulations!
@Tidec -- You can get the same info from a survey. Also, libraries keep records of the number of times items are checked out, just not who checks them out, so you could draw some conclusions by comparing the checkout rates of various items with the publicly available census info on the demographics of the community, or before and after a historical event, etc. A historian can do plenty of research with conventional historical methods, without prying into the identities, incomes, etc., of library users. An actual historian would know that.
@eatyourbrain -- Why do you say that? They are not drawing conclusions about the police shootings; the "malpractice" is the failure to compile national stats on police shootings. The government certainly keeps stats on just about everything else.   Here's another piece on the issue by NPR:  http://www.npr.org/2014/08/21/342228794/ferguson-turns-lens-on-police-involved-killings-but-some-facts-are-few In the NPR story, note what the U of Missouri prof says about the lack of info on police shootings:  "I've actually heard police executives say that they don't want to have a national reporting system because then people will compare and say, well, you know, this police department shoots more people than that police department. And it'll lead to problems"
Louisiana Rules Would Have Required 30-Day Waiting Period Before Legal Abortion
Thanks for the kind words. I came to reddit after the demise of digg, where, for awhile, substantive discussion did seem possible. I can understand reddit moderators' efforts to prevent flame wars and self-promotion, but I think you need to be careful about banning news and commentary sources. It certainly makes you look biased, even if that is not your intent.  At the very least, the process of determining which sources are legit, and why, should be transparent. What are your criteria for inclusion as a source, and why? Anything short of that looks like prejudice or a hidden agenda.
GOP House Can't Claim to Speak for America: "The ACA is law. End of story. The House Republicans' attempt to nullify a duly-enacted law violates the norms of our constitutional system. It is reckless economically and an egregious affront to our democratic form of government."
Subsidizing farmers but not the poor still evil: "The special value of the farm debate is that by combining the GOPs opposition to handouts for the poor with its support for handouts to the nonpoor, it exposes the partys deeper moral views. I find them quite ugly."
I disagree with you about both Taibbi and Brooks, but appreciate your reasonable and civil tone. We'll see what else Mr. Brooks has to say about same-sex marriage. Did your research into Brooks' advocacy of "gay rights" include an unambiguous statement of support for same-sex marriage.
Brooks is the most intellectually dishonest hack I've ever read. His standard operating procedure is to pose as a reasonable middle of the road guy and then to slip in his real, Republican-water-carrying point and hope that no one notices that he is really pushing the standard right-wing agenda and not some middle ground at all. He's a loathesome toady, and Taibbi gets that.   If you think for a minute that Brooks' disingenuous column was in favor of gay marriage, then I guess you're proof that his sneaky approach does work on some people. Guess it worked on j purdy below too.
People who swear and get abusive in their posts are revealing the weakness of their arguments. Military-style assault weapons were developed for use in war, to kill people. They are inanimate objects that are used by people.  "Retired Gen. Stanley McChrystal came out in favor of gun control restrictions in a Tuesday morning appearance on MSNBC's "Morning Joe."  "I spent a career carrying typically either a M16, and later a M4 carbine," he said. "And a M4 carbine fires a .223 caliber round, which is 5.56 millimeters, at about 3,000 feet per second. When it hits a human body, the effects are devastating. It's designed to do that. That's what our soldiers ought to carry."  Said McChrystal, "I personally don't think there's any need for that kind of weaponry on the streets and particularly around the schools in America. I believe that we've got to take a serious look -- I understand everybody's desire to have whatever they want -- but we have to protect our children and our police and we have to protect our population. And I think we have to take a very mature look at that."  So I imagine the general is wrong, according to you. And you know better.
I have not been shooting but do have a family member who is a hunter.   In my opinion, the previous assault weapon ban was ineffective because NRA-backed members of Congress inserted a lot of loopholes.   I'm not an absolutist on an assault ban, though, and think we should get what we can on this issue, such as universal background checks and improved mental health reporting. I predict that the NRA will come out as strongly against universal background checks, though.  I agree on the gang violence -- I think universal background checks, and a trafficking provision, would help there. I live in the Chicago area, and recently read that a large percentage of Chicago gang guns are purchased from third parties who buy them in largish batches from our gun-lax neighbor, Indiana.
Gun deaths are gun deaths. Having a gun in the house makes it more likely that a gun suicide will occur, and that an accidental shooting of a family member will occur. I don't think it's unreasonable to include suicides and accidents in gun deaths.
But why would you take out the per capita? Isn't that what matters?   Also here is how the Daily Beast arrived at the numbers I linked to above: "Our methodology was simple: Rather than measure the number of guns, we measured the measure of gun deaths per capita in each state, using the most recent data available from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. That counted for 75 percent of the ranking. The other 25 percent was derived from the Legal Community Against Violence's state-by-state comparison of firearm laws, which ranks all 50 states by their relatively severity, incorporating everything from policies on mental-health background checks to whether loaded guns are allowed in bars."
I hope Obama pays attention: "Recent events have also demonstrated clearly what was already apparent to careful observers: the deficit-scold movement was never really about the deficit. Instead, it was about using deficit fears to shred the social safety net. And letting that happen wouldnt just be bad policy; it would be a betrayal of the Americans who just re-elected a health-reformer president and voted in some of the most progressive senators ever."