Note that things [reported through the 101 service](http://www.heraldscotland.com/news/home-news/crash-girl-found-with-dead-boyfriend-in-crashed-car-after-police-blunder-loses-fight-.1436692241) become 'lost' all the time - I chair a neighbourhood ward panel and complaints being ignored or lost is the top complaint from our community and every other ward in the borough.
70% of all consumers, regardless of switching, paid more than they should have - basically the market is dysfunctional and operates to the benefit of the businesses, not the consumers.  In order to obtain the 'best' (whatever that actually means) deal you *have* to move every 12 months and you are entirely reliant on third party meta business for information on what is or isn't the best deal. Those third party businesses don't operate to the benefit of the consumer because their income stream is dependent on referral or product placement fees from the businesses they recommend.  At no stage in any of this is the consumer actually the customer, so the market responds to the needs of government and businesses, not the consumer.  Same problem in the rail industry - government is the customer not the end user.
Actually I've been watching F1 for nearly 40 years, and you apparently don't know a great deal about how teams, aero and engine manufacturers work together or what the possibilities are from that cooperation. None of those diffusers would have worked without Renault's design efforts - not one.  Mercedes did a fantastic job getting their engine into a chassis designed for Honda's PU, but Brawn said at the time that they picked Mercedes as a supplier because it was the engine that 'best fitted' the chassis they had.  Sure Renault find themselves in a bad situation, no worse than any in the history of the sport, but still very bad. But it's not 100% their fault. They don't appear to have a partner they can work together with to solve the *team's* problems.
That's not true at all. Renault deserve enormous credit for innovations like RBR's many diffusers - which rely on Renault engineers and installers to make them work on the car.  F1 is a team sport, the chassis does not work without the engine and you can't bugger about with the movement of exhaust gases at the back of the car in any way without tremendous work from your engine and fuel suppliers.  This isn't the middle school playground and the amount of crass, uninformed bitching going on these days is ruining many of the discussions on this sub.  The early part of every engine era is marked by these kind of problems - this is how we advance our understanding of technologies and create innovative leaps.
Exactly right - it has been on the BBC London news though. It'll only make the national news if it's very big and something significant happens.  That said they allegedlly ignored [this protest last year](https://tompride.wordpress.com/2014/06/21/bbc-and-press-ignore-massive-demonstration-against-austerity-in-london/), only [they didn't](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-london-27962963) at all. In fact that march was also reported in the Guardian, Telegraph, and the Independent.  People on the right and the left always claim the BBC is biased against them, if they can't show intentional bias, then its biased by failure to report, or failure to give the story or story angle they see as important enough attention.  IMO it's mostly the bias of the person complaining showing, not the BBC.
Get the election results spreadsheet and have a look at the bottom 100 seats. Even under FPFS the shift in the second placed parties combined with the change in electoral landscape make the loss of 100 or more Tory seats likely in any case.   That's the real message behind this election - the Tories played well and scored a majority they didn't expect whilst everyone else fizzled out and arguably fear won the day - but the electoral landscape over the next two election cycles look very poor for both of the main parties as neither can count on their core vote in the way that they used to.
Hamilton on Vettel in 2012:  "I think hes a true champion,"   "Hes polite, hes never in trouble, hes squeaky clean and a genuinely nice guy. He speaks incredibly well and carries himself really well. And at the end of the day you have to do the job even if you do have the best car."  The most dominant car/driver combos in F1 history are (in order of percentage of victories in a season):-  - Ascari's 1953 Ferrari 500 (75%);   - Schumacher's 2004 F2004 (72%);   - Jim Clark's 1963 Lotus 25 (70%);  - Vettel's 2013 RB9 (68%);  - Fangio's 1954 Maserati 250F A6GCM (66%);  - Schumacher's 2002 F2002 (64%);  - Jim Clark's 1965 Lotus 33 (60%);  - Vettel's 2011 RB7 and Hamilton's 2014 W05 (57.89%);  - Fangio's 1955 Mercedes W196 (57.18%).  So right now he's tied for 8th on the all time dominance list with Vettel. The distribution of those dates says quite a bit about the history of the sport.
I did address your points in my first reply to your comment, the rest has just been you blustering along trying to pretend that you didn't lose the argument first time out. The links you've add here are not verifiable data - they prove nothing of what you originally stated.  To paraphrase a famous winner 'please proceed Mr DevilishRogue'
I like EJ because he provides experience and an informal style that's absent in the Sky team, I think DC was shaping up to be a great foil for Brundle before the Sky move.  I watch Sky for the 'grown up' Brundle commentary and Kravitz's notebook, but it's a bit of a sausage party, Crofty and Lazenby really getting on my nerves, and only Kravitz, Hill, and Herbert actually look comfortable on camera.  I wish they would let Hill provide more insight and stop playing up the Herbert/Hill comedy duo.
Ferrari just seem to have pursued a completely different car concept.   If I understand RBR correctly they relied on the short nose solution to deal with the turbulent air over the front wheels, couldn't get it through the crash tests, and the car is a dog without it. Hence their thinking that they will see major gains now they have it working.   Ferrari appear to have focussed on unleashing last years aero-compromised engine, improving the suspension geometry, and getting the cooling right, rather than expending staff time and money on the nose.
Schumacher, Hamilton, Alonso, Button and a whole lot more all went to teams less successful than their previous one. Its not about the current season its about the next 3 - 5 years.  Also its Ferrari, even Hamilton said that only a fool wouldn't consider driving for the most successful team in F1 history, no matter the circumstances.  - Schumacher to Ferrari (Ferrari 3rd, Benetton 2nd in 1995) - Hamilton to Mercedes ~~(Mercedes 4th, McLaren 2nd in 2011)~~ (Mercedes 5th, McLaren 3rd in 2012) - Alonso to McLaren (McLaren 3rd, Renault 1st in 2006) - Button to McLaren (McLaren 3rd, Brawn 1st in 2009)
I don't know. I wonder if they need to go back to the car concept drawing board, 2014 seems to have wrong footed them, its easy to blame the power unit, but their problems are self evidently more than skin deep.   The engine installation seems to be off, mapping, brakes, balance, the car seems to be a dog. I also have to say that IMO the attitude of the team management is helping their cause at all, and it may be time for a change.  I do hope that you're right though.
Jenson Buttons DNS meant his run of consecutive starts ended at 179. He had chance to surpass Patrese as the all-time leader - its now down to Rosberg who has a shot at the record next year.   - Riccardo Patrese - 187 (BEL 1982  AUS 1993) - Jenson Button - 179 (FRA 2005  CHN 2015) - Fernando Alonso - 176 (FRA 2005  ABD 2014) - David Coulthard - 175 (BRA 1995  CAN 2005) - Nico Rosberg - 170 (BRN 2006  BRN 2015) active - Rubens Barrichello - 167 (GER 2002  BRA 2011) - Alain Prost - 160 (USW 1981  BRA 1991) - Mark Webber - 157 (FRA 2005  BRA 2013) - Lewis Hamilton - 152 (AUS 2007  BRN 2015) active
I do.   Aside from the fact that Red Bull are *notorious* for making late decisions about driver line ups, there is a straight commercial advantage in ensuring drivers don't take their secrets to other F1 teams. Looking at the way they've played the Renault situation it also fits with the way they think about going racing.  Leaks were a big concern of RBR's when Vettel left and Prodromou departed for McLaren - an entirely justified one as this season has demonstrated so far looking at McLaren's front wing and chassis - but its now obvious that Red Bull have problems deeper than the PU.  It's also worth pointing out that the brain drain from Ferrari over the 2010 WDC benefited Mercedes enormously, and it's a straight line from there to Mercedes 2013 success - Mercedes real innovation was getting the chassis right. They already had the most powerful engine in the two years before 2013.   In essence Ferrari fired the wrong people in their rush to find someone to carry the can for their 2010 failure, and avoid blaming senior management or the drivers, as was finally noticed at the end of last year. Equally Red Bull appear to have a blame culture problem that extends from the very top of the organisation down.
He did, and as I say, I don't want to take away from Ricciardo's achievements, which are many and impressive. There is an unfortunate tendency these days to view saying that, for example, Hamilton is a 'historic' driver as implied criticism of Rosberg - when it isn't. A fast glance at the F1 driver record books is enough to settle that debate.  I haven't lived in Aussie since 2005, but I do remember Murray Walker doing a Channel 10 special with Alan Jones on one of that era's races - perhaps it was just a special. Since I was travelling at the time I wasn't really in touch with TV.
Lessons Learned from 2nd Formula 1 Test in Barcelona