I am trying to do a startup and have freelance SEO be my income while working on the startup so i think i will be good about the other aspects of the job.  The one concern that you bring up repeatedly is getting paid.  Do you use some system for recurring payments?
Ahahaha you sound like a real piece of work
Will OP deliver?
Id invite you to my party?
Wasn't going to watch the video but your comment piqued my curiosity.  She is a dime.
He was pretty suave in layer cake
Squirrel, Vermont
Agreed
I've been on my phone all weekend and wanted to give you a good answer typed out on my computer, since you took such a keen interest in my business.  1. You would bring stuff boxed or packaged the way you wanted your self.    1. You would have to determine that ahead of the time with the person you were renting from.  Each owner would have different comfort levels, some might be ok with daily access, some might want to be there when you are there.  Some might give you a key, others might not.  Expectations need to be set ahead of time to ensure the storage area is a good fit for both host and tenant.  1. Well prices will be set by the host so they can rent it for what they deem is worth their time and energy.  The other thing that I really want to tout is the flexibility of this service.  So say you have something you need to store, but you don't need or want to rent an entire storage unit for it.  Such as seasons things.  Some examples that come to mind are snow tires, or summer tires, or a Jeep hard top.  While storing say 4 tires for a winter might not make you much money, lets say 50 bucks for 5 months.  You could store 10 sets of tires in your garage for those five months earning $500 bucks.  Because you might live in an apartment and not want to store your tires in your apartment but also not rent a storage unit for 50 bucks a month just for tires.  Does that make sense?  1. You obviously can't store things that are illegal, simple as that.  I don't have the exact terms and conditions figured out.  But I imagine self storage units already have terms and conditions regarding that and I could probably copy that for my company.  Let me know if you have other questions.
1. I don't understand what you mean by how you hold it? 1. Well that is a gray area i am working out.  Sorta the same deal that is going on with Airbnb if say someone slipped on my driveway and broke my arm and sued me I could be liable.  Currently homeowners insurance in some cases will carry over to a certain amount to your possessions stored elsewhere but not the full amount.  I would probably have to offer some sort of 1 million dollar guarantee like what Airbnb does. 1. Yes, just like airbnb, this isn't for everyone but just go on craiglist and see that people are seeking places to rent and store things.  I had 4 fake craiglist posts up for different types of properties going for about a month and half.  I had about 88 e-mails inquiring about the space. 1. Again I point to Airbnb, because these things can happen in that scenario as well.  However what Airbnb has as a huge selling point is the background verification and review system that incentives people to be honest.  I am a huge airbnb host and make a lot of money doing that.  I could go in and steal my guests camera or computer and sell it for a few hundred bucks.  But I won't 1. because I am an honest person but 2. even if I wasn't I can make $2,985 max each week renting out properties.  So even if I did steal and make a couple of hundred bucks off of it, a bad review where they mentioned theft in my home could cost me way more in the long run.  I imagine the same would be true of storage and trust.
physical storage like self storage but at peoples homes.
_
It was he chewed on it a year ago
Two years to the day
Number one is so obvious but so easily ignored.  I'm in the process of creating a startup and all the books and articles you read focus on growth and don't really mention retention.  The fact of the matter is you need both.
That's so simple that's brilliant.  Totally makes sense but I in all honesty never would have thought of that.