WikiLeaks has published evidence that the NSA systematically spied on German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier, as well as other officials. The alleged spying reportedly predates the September 11, 2001 attacks.
My problem with it is that it claims to be one of the most secure apps, yet it doesn't even provide end-to-end encryption by default. It leaves it to the user to enable it. Therefore for 99% of people or cases, it not's a privacy/security tool. It's just like any other IM app with HTTPS encryption.
Interesting, but "Google Now on tap" will still be able to see all the data within all Android apps on M, *unless* developers "opt-out" of that.   I believe they are able to do that by *reading what's on the screen* in those apps (or perhaps in RAM), therefore bypassing any transport encryption that app may have.   I think it's a very unfortunate thing for Google to do, especially when the default is *opt-out*, which probably means 90% of the developers won't even be aware this exists, let alone knowing how to disable it to protect their users' privacy.  https://youtu.be/gmgut7SR8p8?t=1m57s
Microsoft quietly pushes 18 new trusted root certificates
This happens all the time too - I mean those connected to the NSA for instance, leaking classified information to the media that makes the NSA or the government *look good*. But somehow nobody is calling for *those* people to be put for "endangering national security" in prison or even assassinated for leaking the data.  I think it's even emerging as some kind of litmus test. Are those in the media trying to discredit the personality of the leaker and call for his assassination or arrest? Then it must be great leak for the population. If not, then the government probably had a hand in it and is trying to manipulate us through that leak.
House Overwehelmingly Passes Amendments Blocking Funding For Undermining Encryption
I think it's important we at least make it explicitly clear in laws what they can and can not do. The problem is they may be using other programs or have different interpretations, which is why transparency and oversight is also very important. So we need to get more people like Ron Wyden in the Intelligence Committees, and fewer people like Dianne Feinstein, so we can know if they are actually obeying the laws as intended or not.  We also need to *actually cut* NSA's funding by a significant margin (at last half say over the next 3 years). I mean if we're going to stop some of the major "mass surveillance" programs, then they won't need as much budget, right?! Otherwise if we leave them that budget they could just restart the *same* programs under different names and in different locations. Starve the NSA of resources to the point where it *only* has the necessary resources for targeted surveillance. There should also be regular audits (twice a year) of NSA's expenses by the Intelligence Commitee's staff.  So it's not impossible to rein on the NSA. But it does require a lot of political will and some good systems in place to ensure that they *can't* now that they "won't" do some stuff.  We also need to *start punishing people*, even with prison, when they break those laws, which again requires political will, and therefore a lot of activism from us.
These kind of stories are kind of hit pieces. I mean they aren't really *false*, just disingenuous. Renewables and such technology *should* get subsidies, at least for the first decade or so, and until fossil fuel stops get subsidies, too.   Until fossil fuels continue to get subsidies you can't say it's "not fair" that renewable stuff gets subsidies. If we're talking what would happen in an *ideal* world is renewables not getting any subsidies, but fossil fuels getting *taxed* extra for the damage they cause to the planet (suffice to say no subsidies either for them).
Many people, especially in poorer countries are getting *first* familiarized with Android and may not even know what Windows is until many years later (if ever). It would be very smart of Google to take advantage of that by "upselling" them to Android laptops, too with an interface that makes sense for the desktop of course.   Too many people think that Android has to look *just like on the phone* on the desktop - and then they inevitably think "Android on desktop would suck!". That's not true. The interface can (and should) be optimized for the desktop.   Android on the desktop may not be as "feature rich" as Windows, but if people like Chrome OS, then Android on the destop could be "Chrome OS on steroids".   Also, Android should have another *major* advantage over Windows: touch optimized apps. If people are first introduced to "touch apps", then they will want to use touch apps *in all situations*. Android laptops would make that a very natural progression.
So if Microsoft quietely admitting Windows Phone is dead? Why doesn't it just come out and say it, rather than play this "oh WP is totally alive, we're just going to put 10x more resources on the other 2 platforms - that's all".  WP users should be the most upset about that, as they'll be lied for years more by Microsoft that the company will totally continue to support the platform, while in reality it will focus more on Android and iOS and starve Windows Phone/Mobile of development resources, until it goes out with a whimper rather than a bang.  I just feel it's very dishonest and unfair to do that to current *and future* Windows mobile users by misleading them this way.
Not really. Intel is not competitive on a "performance per price" metric. Not even close. The only way it has been able to *look* like it's competitive on that metric so far is because it would heavily subsidize its chips with profits from the PC chip business.  Now they've said they won't do that anymore, but it will be hard to verify since they've just unified the 2 divisions (mobile and PC). However, there was already an announcement that for the next version or something of the Zenfone 2, Asus would use a *lower performance* Snapdragon 615.   Why? Because Intel is not selling that Atom or its successor at the *same price level as the Snapdragon 615* as it's doing now. So if Intel raises its prices, Asus can't sell a "mid-range phone with a high-end chip" for $250 anymore. It will have to buy a mid-range chip for a *real* price, not a subsidized one.  And if Intel has to compete with other high-end chips in high-end phones with real prices, it loses, because high-end Arm chips like the Snapdragon 820 for instance will have better performance for *half the price* of a high-end Atom (Cherrywell or whatever they are calling the new one).
Ahem: http://motherboard.vice.com/read/one-of-the-biggest-privacy-wins-in-recent-memory-has-been-reversed  This should apply to all companies that "hold your data". And even if that's not explicitly clear quite yet, law enforcement has already been using the third-party doctrine like that, or at least the NSA has. Now they have even more reason to do it.  Lesson: don't keep your data in other people's servers, unless you encrypt it before you upload it there yourself and only you have the encryption key. Or don't use services based in US.
De asemenea Curtea Europeana de Justitie a zis deja ca directiva EU de a "retine datele in mod nediscriminatoriu timp de 2 ani e *invalida* (pentru ca incalca drepturile omului si poate fi abuzata prea usor)".  https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2014/04/data-retention-violates-human-rights-says-eus-highest-court
Except we know squat about Kryo. It could be another dud. Let's wait and see.
I think I read somewhere that TPM 2.0 is supposed to come with some major improvements (and arriving this year) - is that true, and does it solve TPM 1.x's main problems?  Also from what I read, Intel's SGX is supposed to be much more secure and more advanced - with the "only" problem that Intel will have the key to all your "secured" apps, and they can have it stolen/give it to NSA with perfect plausible deniability ("Why really, we had no idea!").  EDIT: I found something, but meh, it doesn't seem to support ephemeral keys either:  http://www.iaik.tugraz.at/content/about_iaik/events/ETISS_INTRUST_2013/ETISS/slides/ETISS-INTRUST-2013-LiqunChen.pdf
I don't think it's about these documents per se. It's about the culture the government has now, that it should hide as much as possible from the public, and always try to skirt the law through loopholes.  In this case they must be thinking "Sure, we don't really care about these documents, but if we let them see it, they'll just come back and ask for other more recent documents, and we don't want that to happen!"