Rear Window?
2008's Alone in the Dark. The gameplay is kinda clunky, the voice acting and characters are not that great, and the story is cliche. But I love it because the game itself is fun to play. The inventory system is unique because you can combine all sorts of different items your guy is carrying with you and the game's set pieces are exciting. It's like a B movie if it was given the budget of a major blockbuster.
You know Big Trouble is my favorite movie and I really tried to get into this comic, but it just doesn't feel right. They constantly have Jack shouting catchphrases trying to mimic the movie and to me it just feels... forced. And all the humor and jokes make the book sound like it's trying to be a parody of the movie instead of an actual sequel. Like look at the last page in the link, Jack's talk about that Kansas burger joint. It just feels like they watched the movie and was like "Jack Burton is an everyman who likes to make wise-cracks and catchphrases so let's just have him constantly do that. The readers will love it!"
For Jedi Knight: Jedi Academy, make sure you check out the [Knights of the Force expansion mod](http://kotf.com/main.htm). It adds a whole lot of stuff to the game and it's fun as hell to play with. Here's the list of features on the website.  KotF includes 100 new Star Wars characters, 150 skins, 70 lightsabers, 40 vehicles, 50 new stages, 130 NPCs, around 40 new and upgraded menus, 70 multiplayer maps and extraordinary CD menu. All these new features are in 2 GB and KotF requires 3.5 GB space on your hard disk.
no problem :)
no, no, no [Spoiler](/s "kids do talk like that, I'm in High School now and kids talk about the same things in the same way and act the same [besides the assaulting part :p] I just didn't really see the kids in the story progress into madness. I mean you had the pencil scene, the girl talking about her first time, and the fight... holy shit, you did see them go crazy overtime.  Now I believe the ending.")
"annoying FF7 fans" that never actually appear...  Yes they do appear and I think that's whats making people mad. Don't get me wrong I love FF7, but ever since the PS3 tech demo came out people have begging for a remake. I want a remake too, especially for the rest of the PS1 Final Fantasy's. But it's not gonna happen. Square is no longer Square Soft, it's Square Enix. And since the merger things haven't been looking up for the series. They can barely develop the games they're already working on, aka Versus 13/XV.  So yes those fans do appear. And it's not that people think the game is overrated, it's just that people are tired of hearing people beg for a remake.  *edit 1  I meant to say 'XV' not 'XIV'
I would go out tonight, but I haven't got a stitch to wear
http://i.imgur.com/AmPUHgu.jpg?1  found this a while ago and really liked it
Lol thanks, that give my night a little boost. Now I must buzz off and do some PreCal homework :p
independent contractors too
I actually started playing it again this weekend, and it still plays good :)
?
I was watching Willy Wonka and the chocolate factory earlier and when the Pure Imagination song came up I got teary eyed thinking of my child. Reddit, What makes you feel nostalgic?   *childhood, goddamn I need to proofread more.
Mine is about my dad. I wanna love him, but he wasn't and isn't part of my life that much, so I have trouble loving him. I think he's trying, but i'm not the first kid he wasn't always around for.  P.S. I know the title should be "What's" not "Whats"
My mom always cooks something special like a Pot Roast