Yep. :)
Good. :)  Also, though, it is a bit eerie that every single person who was alive in 1895 (which is approximately when this photo was taken) is already dead right now. :(
Regrets: all things Snowden-related,  Wasn't the Patriot Act recently repealed, though?  Wall Street,  Agreed.  no single payer,  Was singer payer ever actually on the table, though?  we're still in the mideast,  Barely; after all, we withdrew from Iraq in 2011.  copyright,  Care to please elaborate on this?  etc.  Care to please elaborate on this?  Personally I feel pretty betrayed.  Understood.
Yes, this might be partially correct; however, I also got the impression that Europe and the U.S. miscalculated by initially calling for Gaddafi to resign when it looked like the rebels would win the Libyan civil war without any help. Then, when the tide began to turn in Gaddafi's favor and (I think) Gaddafi threatened to stop selling oil to the West, the West realized that it miscalculated and decided to help the Libyan rebels by implementing a no-fly zone in Libya and by pursuing a bombing campaign in Libya against Gaddafi's forces.
Look--I am certainly keeping an open mind in regards to this. However, I do think that you forgot one crucial distinction between Israel and Palestine--Israel, in contrast to (the future state of) Palestine, is a wealthy, developed country. Thus, even with all of the discrimination that Israeli Arabs (as in, outside of East Jerusalem) endure, only a minority of them actually wants to live in a Palestinian state or in another Arab country (as opposed to living in Israel).
Also, for the record, I will also allow you to read this explanation of mine in regards to this (I previously typed it up for another poster here):  I have three goals with an orchiectomy:  1. To achieve "bullet-proof" sterilization. Since all non-drastic methods of contraception and sterilization (including vasectomies) can and sometimes do fail, they are just not good enough for me.  2. If my expectations in regards to female hormones will turn out to be accurate, then I would want to use female hormones on a regular or at least on a semi-regular basis. After all, I have heard good things about female hormones from both trans-women and trans-men. However, I must find some way to still be able to get erections using my penis, as well as to still be able to have penis-in-vagina sex, while I am taking female hormones, since otherwise female hormones might not work for me.  3. To better regulate my sex drive and to give my ejaculations and sexual arousal more meaning.  In addition to this, though, independently of that, I also want to permanently get rid of as much of my body hair and facial hair as possible due to the fact that this hair makes me dysphoric (and I unfortunately have a lot of it, so yeah). Likewise, I want to feminize my face to some extent as well, though I still want to live as a man (albeit as a very feminine eunuch) most (but not all) of the time after I will get all of this done.
Thank you very much! :)
Yeah, that's where I got the idea from this post from. :) Deal with it! ;)
TIL that on June 13, 1914 the Russian war minister, Vladimir Sukhomlinov, published an anonymous op-ed in Birzheye Vedomosti, a Russian newspaper that often served as an official mouthpiece, titled Russia is Ready, France Must Be Ready Too!
Maybe the McRib; I mean, just look at it:  http://grub.gunaxin.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/mcrib1.jpg
OK; understood.
Iran. Sorry, forgot to put that in there. Iran is a Shiite religion and so is Southern Iraq. I think Arab implies Sunni.  And yet many Arabs themselves would disagree with you that Arab implies Sunni.   Iran doesn't care about the International community.  It appears to care enough about the international community to engage in serious negotiations with them over its nuclear program.  If it took Southern Iraq it would take control of the Mesopotamian river delta and control the oil flowing out of Iraq.  True; however, Iran would probably have to endure *massive* sanctions as a result of this annexation as well.
Dude ... that's just fucking awful! :( Please--no awful jokes like that. :(
It'd be great if this happened, but:  Pakistan will claim it already doesn't support them, so there would have to be some sort of third-party judgement by an agreed-upon arbitrator as to whether Pakistan supports terrorists or not (and what 'support' means). I don't think any country, or the UN, would put itself in that position.  How about the U.S., though?  Also, without an end to terrorism and to the Kashimiri insurgency, I don't see it being advantageous to India to open up Kashmir's borders. After all, this could allow more insurgents and terrorists to come to India, and India certainly doesn't want that.   Kashmir is pretty much all their respective militaries do, and I don't know much about India's but Pakistan's has massive political power- they thrive off border tensions, and I can't see why they'd agree to a lessening of force.  I would presume that the role of Pakistan's military in this scenario would need to be decreased (similar to how the German military's role significantly decreased after 1945).   How? Where is the customs border?  I am sorry, but can you please elaborate on this part?  Would each country be forced to treat their respective national 'borders' with the entire Kashmir contested region as international boundaries?  Yes, they would.  Also, how does this consider deliberate settlement to skew demographics for the future plebiscite?  How about only allowing those people who or whose ancestors lived in Kashmir in 1947 (or at some other year) to vote in this plebiscite? Would that work?   Again, a vote would need to be run by an agreed-upon international third party arbitrator.  How about having the U.N. monitor this vote, then?  In this case, I don't think it would happen, seeing as I don't think either country really cares what the residents' opinion on the matter is.  Yes, you might very well be correct on this, though Pakistan has frequently voiced support for the aspirations of the Kashmiris. Of course, voicing support for this is different from actually supporting the aspirations of the Kashimiris.  Anyway, though, this plebiscite will allow Pakistan to save face in regards to this.
At the time the constitution was written, the founders only had to look back a few years to King George I, whose lack of apparent interest in England and commitment to Hanover could serve as a reminder.  OK.  But I recall a more recent example of a head of state of Germany who expended a great deal of energy attempting, with success, to annex his natal country. Needless to say, it didn't end well.  It didn't end well, but this was a result of Hitler being a poor decision-maker--not the result of Hitler being a naturalized German citizen.
It's not really a lot of time, most of the time sex for me lasts a while. It's just foreplay.  Understood; thanks for clarifying this part.  I'm not even sure what that means lol. I'm me I guess hehe. I'm mtf trans and I'm just like ehh I'm done and I don't see it necessary to spend money on surgery I personally don't need.  What I meant was this--do you identify as female all of the time (as opposed to only a part of the time)? Serious question, for the record.