agree, also really, ridiculously, good-looking
Been following that case for a long time. Whole thing sounds dirty as fuck. Hopefully they don't try to try him again.
strangely enough the homicide rate has fallen significantly since concealed carry permits have become widely available.  Have you been to the USA? I work in a hospital and I've never seen a gunshot wound. I've never known someone who was a victim of a violent crime. The "gun violence" problem in America is *cough* unique to certain groups. http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/figures/m6227a1f3.gif
I think the whole thing is pretty funny. "you treat me like an animal so I'm gonna act like one" - "Hmm, I guess we were right about you all along, get the hose"
T.I.A. NSFW http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=4d1_1428675879
I'm triggered by your ableist slur, guess they didn't have a debate team in the dumpster
What about Wormtown?
ITT: people that haven't a clue what they are talking about. It is a perfectly legitimate tactic. Anyone here been in a gunfight before? I have. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_BxQSxnD1g
You're absolutely right. I've posted this numerous times but it doesn't matter. This is about feelings not facts. People simply want to be able to ride the T and have someone else pay for most of it....cause feelings.   Those numbers are massively overstated because (from the MBTA) Unlinked trips are the number of passengers who board public transportation vehicles. Passengers are counted each time they board vehicles no matter how many vehicles they use to travel from their origin to their destination. Bus and subway ridership is estimated based on CharlieCard or CharlieTicket or cash transactions on MBTA fareboxes and fare gates. We then adjust for customers who transfer within downtown subway stations or who show their passes to an inspector, or children and others who do not use the fare equipment.). The adjustment is calculated from statistics from studies and inperson ridership counts. Currently, farebox and fare gate information is not 100% real time. It is not immediately available at the end of the month. However, the MBTAs goal is to develop daily real time counts in the future In reality only about 300K people use the ANY FORM OF PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION for commuting in Massachusetts. http://i.imgur.com/5Mkdl4f.png http://i.imgur.com/8j3jG0O.png UNDENIABLE 100% TRUTH: MBTA riders make up a tiny percentage of the state's daily commuters
My point was that if you're going to try to sell a revenue program, tying the people who pay for it with the people who benefit is the greatest recipe for success. The repeal may not have won out west, but the index was sold as paying for bridges and highways, not the MBTA.
The author isn't even that attractive, middle of the road for OKC in a big city at best (we have a mutual friend). FWIW my much more attractive girlfriend took the initiative and messaged me. I don't think any sane guy sees it as a sign of desperation. From my perspective the best dates I went on were always with girls that were actually enthusiastic about dating. They didn't want to chat back and forth for days. I'd just send my first message asking them out and they would say yes. The wishy washy ones always ended up sucking.
If you want to inconvenience someone, inconvenience the people that can change things and the people responsible for the problem. Surround the state house and Boston Police HQ. Block access with interlaced arms. Refuse to leave until the state establishes an independent commission to investigate police brutality. Don't engage in activities that specifically inconvenience the people you are trying to win to your side. The cops at the protest are not inconvenienced. They are all making AT VERY MINIMUM several hundred dollars to stand around shooting the shit with their buddies and looking at college girls. They would love if there were protests like this every day.  The "this is about systemic racism" is such a fucking bullshit copout. Racism is real and bad. No shit. I graduated elementary school too. What is your solution? Do you have a specific list of demands or legislative proposals? How do we fix the problem? Right now it is like having a protest against cancer. Yea, I get it, it's a problem, but until there is a message beyond "racism bad" it's like a toddler throwing a tantrum. Entirely counterproductive. If you want to change things you need a specific plan. You can't just whine until someone fixes it like with mom and dad.
Hey, no disrespect meant to any branch. I'm just trying to dispel the "durr, ure goining to military..u gonna bloww up in Irak" retardism I see all the time. The reality is that barring WW3 (which would suck for everyone) many military jobs are very safe and not very physically taxing.
"Unfortunately, this doesnt display the results clearly enough". He then  summarily dropped his trousers and shorts, revealing a long, thin, clearly erect penis. There was not a sound in the room. Everyone had stopped breathing.  Science!
While the sentiment here seems to be "no shit" (and I agree that currently that is true) I think many here many be failing to appreciate that this has not always been the case. During the cold-war right-wing, left-wing, and nationalist ideologies inspired a large proportion of terrorist movements.
I was born in 1985 as well and heard plenty of the "do what you love," "just be yourself," "everyone is beautiful," BS advice the still predominates our mass media. I also realized that getting a degree field without a clear career path after graduation and taking out huge loans to do it was a bad idea. I turned down an Ivy League education because it would have required large loans. I studied STEM instead of history which I would have preferred. I guess I just don't get it...did other people's parents literally never tell them about money? Did people just assume any college degree meant a great paying job? We DID have the internet, newspapers, and books back in the day.