People go through periods in their life. It sounds like the owner is getting a great handle on his issues via training the puppy. He fucked up at the beginning. He realized he was wrong and changed his behavior. He's not saying he doesn't deserve the comments from his original post. He's saying he is glad someone encouraged him and helped him to change, to be a better person. Whether he came back to throw it in people's faces or not, he isn't a bad person. Just someone who was lost and has now been found. Let's hope you don't make any mistakes that could be looked down upon.
I'm thinking the Phoenix would be great. I will hit them up and see how they feel about a small group coming in to start the group. As for the nerd/game bar idea, I definitely want to support them. I've been in contact with the individual who is starting it and told him that I am down for holding the group at the new restaurant should it open. For now, since it's merely a trial run at another restaurant/bar. So I think he should focus on the general nerd community in Tulsa.
I've never been to The Max though I've heard it's a great nerdy atmosphere, but I worry it might be too loud? Is the music pretty intense? Fassler Hall seems almost perfect, as long as people don't mind Geman food and drink. I know nothing of Chimera.   As for places to meet up, we could always try different places with each meeting. Or do you think it'd be safer to maintain a HQ where we always meet?
BEWARE... SPOILERS AHEAD!  I loved season 7, and the Slayer potentials made complete sense. I don't get any of the hate. The atmopshere was similar to seasons 1-3, but our characters matured. In seasons 4 and 5, our characters were dealing with becoming adults. Season 6 really forced them to overcome their issues and mature. Now, season 7 has them being adults dealing with the typical supernatural nonsense in their lives while knowing their places in the world.   Buffy has moved on from dying, coming back from Heaven, and finding a way to use her 'protector' skills by becoming a student advisor. She's even allowed Dawn to participate in the reindeer games.  Dawn has become less whiny and annoying. She gets to be involved and actually becomes quite helpful throughout the season. I really loved how they distinguished the similarity between her and Xander, being on the outside looking in.  Xander has FINALLY gotten over Buffy choosing Angel, or even Spike, over him. He realizes he's messed up with Anya in season 6 and he's accepted his fate as a construction worker even leading his own team in the reconstruction of Sunnydale High. His loss of an eye refers back to being the outsider looking in. He really took a beating this season, which I think he deserves after the previous season.  Willow has evolved, but she's also integrated the things she hated about herself. Dark Willow mocked how weak and nerdy Regular Will was in her early years. But we see her now reminiscent of her old self, even prior to season 4. She's combined her doubting self and confident self in a version we all love. I don't totally agree with the way they handled her throughout the season (knocking her out all the time), but I guess if you don't know how to be creative (and I'm saying this passive aggressively because this show has been incredibly creative through the first 6 seasons) then there isn't much else you can do. I also disagree with how she got with Kennedy, but I can see how she got involved. I'm thankfuly they're no longer together in the comics.  Giles gets thrown to the side this season due to Anthony Stewart Head leaving the series as a regular in Season 6. But I feel he has ran his course during the series. He's the father figure, the wise old Wizard with the sage advice. However, I do like how they handled Buffy and Giles' relationship this season, showing that Buffy no longer needs his advice. She's her own person now.  Spike has always been volatile and this season he's at his most peaceful, despite being a murderous Sleeper. But with a soul, Spike feels more at home in his skin than any other season. He's the supportive boyfriend that Buffy always wanted/needed, so that's why I will always been Team Spike despite his attempted rape in season 6.  Anyanka hasn't really changed anymore than usual during this season, but she's still the same, sweet demented Anya she always has been in previous seasons. If anything, I'd say she accepted her humanity more this season than any other, per her speeches towards the end of the season.  I miss Tara. I wish she had come back for "Conversations with Dead People", but I would want her to call Cassie out on being a fake. Basically, Tara, a good ghost, telling Willow to see through the First's facade as playing Cassie. But that's me.  The Slayer Potentials weren't any different from Buffy being a teenager. So again, I don't see the hate there. After being brought back from the dead, Buffy affected the Slayer line, allowing the First to make a play. It wasn't far-fetched or out of lines for the show. If I have a complaint, it's that the big temple in which Buffy finds the last Guardian. All this time she's roamed the many graveyards and we've never once seen this really odd, out of place Egyptian temple? Also, we have the Guardian to give us a cryptic message only to be killed seconds later? Deus ex Machina if I ever saw it, but at least Joss admitted to it.
Creative Writing Group: Part Deux   A few people have shown interest in getting together and doing a loose workshop to talk about writing. I am starting another thread to further expose the idea and see if we can get any others interested. Further, I wanted to nail down some ideas of what we're wanting to accomplish in said discussion.  First off, what do we want to do during said get-together?  I'm stealing a comment made by /u/mike918 (hope you do not mind):  Workshop style: submit work, give and receive feedback.  Lesson/lecture style: targeted instruction on specific skills like point of view or the pathetic fallacy.  Book club style: read a shared book, but discuss it from a craft perspective rather than a meaning/interpretation perspective.  Shop talk style: writers getting together for drinks, motivation, and commiseration.  Note: We can do all of these. Maybe one gathering we could submit work/feedback; the next visit could be a lecture/lesson; monthly, we could do a book club style; and end off the month with just shop talk (relax, drink, swap ideas, talk about writing). We need to find out how often to host this group (weekly, bi-weekly, monthly).  This brings us to my next point: where do we want to host this?  I would prefer keeping this writing group 18+ in age. No offense to our younger generation of writers, but I would like this to be a pretty open-minded group in which we can curse and be jovial. BUT I am open to anyone's counter-point to this.   If we do decide to make this 18+, then I say we find places that A) allow a decent sized group to gather and talk loudly (not over the top loud, but someplace we don't have to hush one another), B) a place where we can drink and/or get food (nothing brings folks together like drink and a meal), and C) preferably someplace that feels relaxed and somewhat intimate to allow discussion.  Lastly, when do we want to meet up? Not just for our first meeting but for all meetings. I say Saturdays after 2pm (since I work until 1pm) or Sundays after noon to accommodate any churchgoers.  If anyone has thoughts on this, please feel free to speak up. I am open to all options and thoughts. This group isn't JUST about me. It's about you guys and everyone benefitting.
Pretty great Vietnamese. Their pho is great!
But to act like the Writer's Strike had NOTHING to do with the show's drop in ratings and story lines is just ignorant. You're cutting half a season's worth of story-telling, character development, as well as forcing a writing team to hurry and come up with a quick solution, along with going through television executive approval, keeping everyone happy, etc. All the while, there's a huge freaking writer's strike happening on your front door step.
The Vampire Diaries
There's also this thing that you may not be aware of: plenty of gay men have/had girlfriends and wives for decades before finally realizing they were gay. If they had a telepath around to reveal their sexuality, then maybe it wouldn't have taken them so long to figure it out. Sadly, that's what happens in a heteronormative society: you question your feelings you have for the same sex.  I get why some people would be upset about changing a specific character like Bobby from straight to gay because I've known him as a bit of a ladies' man. However, there are PLENTY of women attracted to gay men and gay men are HUGE flirts typically. So it isn't a huge stretch of the imagination.  This isn't ice cream flavor changes. This is a writer changing something within the continuity of a particular character for the sake of times a'changing. BUT this isn't the first time this has happened to a character. Characters have died off only to come back to life, characters have turned into completely different people due to someone possessing them/amnesia/rebirth or whatever contrivance they decide to use to say they're different, they've had ENTIRE lifetimes completely retconned. Yet, the moment a character goes from straight to gay, it's like people get completely pissed.   It makes a person wonder why the hostility.
I've been in bed all morning. It felt glorious. Then my dog wanted some food.
Our tv is so old. Haha  I live off 21st and Garnett. We just moved to this place. It isn't bad. What about yourself.
Fat ass.
I'm sorry for the late response. I have an idea for this story, but I've stopped and started it multiple times. I can't seem to get the words out properly to tell it.   Imagine, if you will, a doctor named Rachel Rosen sitting in front of a panel of board members who represent her employer, NewU Cloning. She's presenting her case in hopes of showing her competence during a situation where a candidate was cloned that ultimately resulted in an unfortunate incident. Rachel wants to show they succeeded during the cloning process, and that despite the incident there weren't any unforeseen complications. In fact, it was a complete success based on the candidate's situation. The candidate, a Jillian Murphy, suffers from multiple personality disorder. While working with various leaders in the mental health field, Dr. Rosen was able to create personifications for each split personality. One of them, of course, turns out to be a murderous, rampaging psychopath who eventually realized why they're in pain. Come to find out, all these split personalities are spirits whose lives ended abruptly and have haunted and possessed Jillian until now since they have their own bodies. All of these spirits with their new bodies decide to leave in order to live the lives that were taken from them so brutally. Dr. Rosen thinks the experiment was a complete success, despite the clones all disappearing and the research destroyed. Dr. Rosen is fired and she returns home where the homicidal clone is waiting and she wants the doctor's help for vengeance against her original death.
And yet I still don't care nor will watch the show.
[Fic] We are a team of superheroes who work for the government capturing others like us. AUS!   My codename is Lumen. I'm the youngest of the crew, and I came up with all our codenames. I have the ability to project blasts of light, become invisible, create illusions, and shoot an intense laser ray (though it leaves me completely weak unless I absorb more like from the Sun). I'm comic relief, even if my jokes are bad. I'm also good at creating distractions. Feel free to ask us anything! ***  I'm Cyman (I didn't choose the codename, as Lumen already stated). I can calculate probabilities in my head faster than any computer or technological advance in the world, but it has overheated my brain, leaving me half human and half robot, of sorts. I have a cooling system routed along my back and over my bald head (reminiscent of subdermal body mods) which runs on a battery pack attached to my belt. I do not sleep due to the constant calculations in my head, so I focus by playing the drums. The chair I sit in helps charge the battery pack at my belt. Due to my ability, I lead the team of five and make gameplans almost on the fly. ***  I'm Shell. Not all that original when you consider my given name, but whatever. I'm a former detective that worked in one of the most dangerous metropolitan areas in the world. Unfortunately, due to my bad temper, and my freakish ability to withstand practically all forms of punishment, I was forced to quit and given a spot on the team. My skin is incredibly hard and numb, making it difficult for anyone to hurt or cause me pain. So I'm the bodyguard. There. I'm done. ***  Good day. I'm Aggie, short for not only my God-given name, but for my codename given to me by Lumen: Aggregator. I'm originally from Bangladesh, India, but I moved to the US in hopes of continuing my education in neurology focusing in the olfactory senses. I have the unique ability to create various types of pheromones that produce a number of different results: attract, focus, dispel, and even put to sleep. Unfortunately, I have an intense sense of smell and it makes it difficult living in today's society filled with intense scents. Excuse me but someone walked in reeking of Stetson. * blegh * ***  Lumen calls me BB, short for Blood Brother. As a former medical student, I have the ability to control blood cells. This ability allows me to heal and even cause pain, though I try not to unless the situation is dire. I've even used my ability to release endorphines and adrenaline in the bodies of my teammates to give them a super boost. I prefer to stay on the sidelines, but I'm deeply devoted to these guys as they're the only family I have left.
Just Ready to Explode   The past month-and-a-half I've been trying to keep everything together. I'm 27, living with my gambling parents for the past 3 years while dealing with my own gambling problem and depression. I've lost my best friend due to gambling (and her own personal problems), lost many jobs due to not being able to pull myself out of the deep emotional shit hole I'm in, and I'm ready to literally take my vehicle and wrap it around the nearest telephone pole if things don't start calming down.  My 19-year-old niece and her fiancee have moved in with us into a tiny two bedroom house. They're sleeping in the dining room we've converted into a faux-bedroom for the time being. I do not like my niece's fiancee because he's 22, shows immense jealousy over the stupidest shit, and he finds things to tattle about on people which just isn't helping the situation. I helped get the two of them a job at my work and he starts next week while my niece starts in 2 weeks. Sadly, this means very little money for anything, including the gas I'm using to transport them back and forth once work starts for them. And my parents refuse to help.  My parents originally made somewhere between $30-32/hr until my mom lost her job. She refuses to look for another job and is waiting for unemployment to come in. When I didn't have a job, she expected the house to stay clean. Now that she's unemployed, she just uses my niece and her fiancee to keep everything clean. She also has a ton of personal and check loans at various companies and with family members. My father owes my great-aunt $7000. The two of them blame me for living with them for the past 3 years for the reason they are in debt even though the bills haven't gone up since I lived there. There were times they didn't buy any groceries because they said it would motivate me to keep a job. It did not because it only fueled my depression to the point where I would take a prescribed sleeping pill, sleep, wake up and take another sleeping pill, and sleep. I ate a tablespoon of peanut butter a day and a few crackers in order to stay alive for about 2 weeks until they finally got tired of not having any food in the house and started buying them again.  I'm not a victim. I'm really not. I should be able to keep a job, and I should move out of my parents' house. I never had them pay for anything of mine (gas, car insurance, or telephone bill). I have tons of debt from various accounts being shut off due to nonpayment. My parents have turned things on in my name as well and they decided not to pay them because I never paid any rent. This was during periods when I didn't have a job and they promised to pay the bills. I will never turn anything on again unless it's for me and I know I have the money.  This past month-and-a-half I've been doing really well with my gambling habit. I haven't gone; I've been seeing a therapist that focuses on gambling; and I've self-banned at the area casinos. All my money has gone towards my personal bills, getting caught up where I can, and food for five in the house.  Last night, my niece told me she didn't want to move out with me any longer despite working towards that since she moved in. It was going to be so easy to move out together, the three of us. Now, I have to adjust my priorities and try to save and get out on just my own which will be difficult since I don't make much money. Then, I was notified that my two nephews (20 and 16) keep coming over to eat dinner despite my 20 year old nephew making more money than all of us and their mother (whom they live with) recently winning $7000. I asked them via text to please stop coming over to eat at our house until we can get back on our feet, unless they bring food to help cover themselves. Normally, I wouldn't care, but providing for two weeks of food for five people when nobody else is helping cover these expenses has been a huge stress as my mom keeps telling me I need to move out.   My mother tells me this morning that my father will not have me telling anyone they cannot eat at "their house". He's sticking up for my 20 year old nephew who does actually help my parents a lot with a lot of physical stuff around the house. He also lets my dad borrow his game systems and stuff to play games. So I get this idea of standing up for my nephew, but my younger nephew is a thief (he's stolen my dad's PS3 before, including my Motorola RAZR MAXX) and I work evenings during dinnertime. I am not there to keep an eye and making sure nothing is taken. And again, I'm the one footing the bill. But my parents don't see it that way. It's "their house" and it's "their rules". Fine. Then, I'll take "my food" and I'll eat "my food" and nobody else can touch "my food".   I used to pay rent every week when I worked at 18-22 years old until my parents became gamblers. Now, my money will not go towards their gambling habit. They'll have extra money while I pay the bills to help fund their addiction, and I'm not having it. I am fighting my own addiction. My money is no longer going to the casino or helping anyone else fund their trips to the casino.  Am I being incredibly unfair? I don't expect my parents to help, but I do need help. I have nowhere else to go or turn to until I can get out on my own. And I'm not going to rush out and get a place just because they're tired of having people in their space. I didn't invite my niece and her fiancee to stay with us; my mother did. I want to move out right and make sure I don't have to come back. Is that really so much to ask?