Thanks.
Alright.  Now you are talking.  So you have money to spend.  A business plan?  I'll look at your floor print in a minute.  I'm fixing another shop right now that is in the same boat as you.  Except they brew.  No kitchen serving food, seating for beer and wine/patio, and losing money out the ass.  Even while brewing.  It's stupid.  If you want some legit help, any into you want to pass the better.  I'm happy to NDA something even if you are afraid of that kind of stuff.  But a location is the best thing you can give me if you want some real thoughts...
Without complete information, it is hard for the internet police to give you good advice.  And there are a lot of assholes out there who will just give you a smart ass remark.  Such as "turn the heat down."  That helps nothing.  If you want to fry fritters, 350F.  250F is to low to fry almost anything, aside from potatoes to triple cook.  For a pan fry, medium high heat.  Oil/fat in the pan hot before you put in your patty.  Put a dome/lid over it.  3 minutes, flip.  2 or 3 minutes and you are done.  Also.  This method is called pan fry or saute.  When you say fry, most of us will automatically assume you mean that you submerge it in hot fat.
Brined and grilled pork  Chile and lime cured crispy lardon  Diakon, carrot, cuke, and cilantro  Roasted jalapeno mayo  Sub roll  I should have made three.
Very nice!  I typically have 2 or 3 chunks of random belly air drying.  Did you hang in a controlled environment?    For the crust, I've decided over the years that a straight pepper isn't for me.  I've got a couple of fall backs I like to go to which many have liked.  And considering "pancetta" is so easy and cheap to make, nothing like having a few different kinds around :)   2:2:1 - black pepper, coriander, fennel  4:4:2:1 - black pepper, green chile, granulated onion, granulated garlic  4:3:2:1 - black pepper, ground rosemary, ground thyme, granulated garlic
Hence the title of the post ;)  Making bacon is easy.  Before you graduate to doing hang cures and pancettas, give your hand a try at some quick cures, salt box methods, smokes, etc.  It'll give you a better grasp of what is happening during the curing/drying process.  Which book did you pick up?  FYI.  Talin has awesome small chunks of skin on pork belly.  The 99  has decent stuff too, but you have to go into that store.  Also, if you ask nicely, the kind folks at The Alpine Sausage Kitchen *might* have some whole belly to part with.  Other than that, check the carnicerias in the area if you want belly and don't have access to restaurant wholesalers.
Honestly, no clue.  I'm also surprised how nice it turned out.    I buried the chunk in seasoned and pink'd salt, soaked it over night, rubbed it down with my green chile and black pepper mix, and it's been sitting on a cookie cooling rack on a sheet pan in my garage for the last 2 weeks under a tea towel.  I didn't even hang it...
If you want to come out here and see "the magic of SF," you need to come at a different time of year.  Late summer when the markets are happening.  There are an additional 60K people coming and going week in and week out for a couple of months.  If you're into that kind of stuff, this is an awesome place to be.    However, since I speak the basic facts about the area, people tend to think I'm negative about it here.  Truth be told, I love it to a certain extent.  And I can't wait to move.  But if people ask for advice about moving here, unless you fall into a very specific category (read rich and white), the general attitude of those that have moved here is stay the fuck out.  Which is really sad, cause we all WANT it to be the magical place people talk about.  It just ceased being that about 20 years ago :(
Yeah, I'm bummed I found it this last trip around.  I've been out that way a few times in the last year and have been looking for some killer snacks.  I would like to think of myself as somewhat of an authority on sandwiches (below is a link to my from scratch work) and this place is legit.    Best part IMO?  No seats and standing room for 10, maybe.  As far as my tab?  Meh.  Too much to read on the wall.  I told the lady to give me 2 awesome sandwiches, 3 good size chunks of salumi, and a half dozen of them jerky sticks.  $33.  For fucks sake, I'm coming back.  http://imgur.com/a/BYZRe
well of course!
Right right.  Actually reading a few comments now, I just skimmed it before and didn't even watch the video.  Skipped every 30 seconds and checked the still.  The gem though is pretty spot on.  People will go for all kinds of BS.  But fuck that guy for the most part.  I've learned to ignore the cooking and food subs.  And food porn for that matter.  All of the other food related subs I think contain much more, I hate to say enlightened people, but less fucktards than the others.  This sub though, is ONLY full of fucktards.
Yes yes, I'm in Santa Fe.  I'm not originally from here and didn't get the whole chile thing when I moved here.  Thankfully, I'm a convert.  But fuck that red chile noise, that shit is weak yo!  Edit to add...  I'm happy to ship jars or seeds.  Just ask ;)
Well.  Don't be a dick.  If you don't act like a dick and say dick things, you won't get treated like a dick.  Nor will you get told to go fuck yourself.  I tried investing in a slicer by offering you to purchase one for me.  And then you insult me.  You sir, are a dick and can go fuck yourself if that is how you are going to behave
Hatch Green Chile and smoked cheddar double slider. With house bacon, pickle, and mustard on a garlic butter basted sourdough roll. [OC][1024x768]
yesterday's tacos
mushroom/swiss/caramel onion burger with house made bacon, brioche, and roasted garlic aioli.