they have air superiority against ISIS since western jet are providing air support, and they dont run away from ground engagement like Iraqi army. they seen to know what they are doing and have a solid game plan.
he is no the biggest coward of the lot, just the first to get nail by the FBI and set this thing in motion, now that so many directly implicated we will see much more people snitching on everyone to save their own ass. i would be surprise if anyone of these crook will be willing to do time for each other.
if he give one WC slot without playoff from UEFA to Oceania, Australia will sure jump back to that group and resume beating everyone there 20-0 until the only game that matter with NZ
Britain's Serious Fraud Office investigating 'material in its possession' relating to FIFA corruption claims, bank accounts at Barclays, HSBC and Standard Chartered Bank are alleged to have been used to transfer cash as part of the conspiracy
http://www.theguardian.com/football/2015/may/28/vladimir-putin-fifa-united-states-meddling  Russias Vladimir Putin accuses United States of meddling over Fifa arrests   Vladimir Putin has accused the United States of meddling outside its jurisdiction by arresting officials from Fifa.  This is yet another blatant attempt [by the United States] to extend its jurisdiction to other states, the Russian president said on Thursday.  Putin added that the arrests were a clear attempt to prevent the re-election of Fifa head Sepp Blatter and that the Swiss had Russias backing.  It looks very strange, the arrests are carried out on the request of the USA side, he said.  They are accused of corruption  who is? International officials. I suppose that someone broke some rules, I dont know. But definitely, its got nothing to do with the USA. Those officials are not US citizens. If something happened it was not in the US and its nothing to do with them.
http://www.bloombergview.com/articles/2015-05-27/u-s-treats-fifa-like-the-mafia  The prosecutions are being brought under RICO, the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act of 1970, which was designed to prosecute crime syndicates that had taken over otherwise lawful organizations. Roughly speaking, the law works by allowing the government to prove that a defendant participated in a criminal organization and also committed at least two criminal acts under other specified laws, including bribery and wire fraud. If the government can prove that, the defendant is guilty of racketeering, and qualifies for stiff sentences, the seizure of assets and potential civil-liability lawsuits.
more bad news for FIFA  http://www.theguardian.com/football/live/2015/may/27/fifa-officials-arrested-on-corruption-charges-live#comments  World Cup votes - criminal proceedings opened  The Swiss Federal Office of Justice has announced it is now questioning 10 people who took part in voting on the 2018 and 2022 World Cup bids. More to follow.
even if oil price rise they will still be in big trouble. they are buying petrol from US at market price to be sell at the pump at effectively free price. the massive market distortion is fueling the massive smuggling operation. the more international oil price rise, the more demand there will be for smuggled petrol from venezuala.
North Korea are the world leader in making large statue, since they have been making so much of them at home, they have been exporting these expertise abroad.   http://www.bloomberg.com/bw/articles/2014-03-27/north-korea-bags-5-million-for-building-two-mugabe-statues  North Korea may be cut off from much of the world, but the so-called Hermit Kingdom manages to run a thriving multimillion-dollar business building monuments, statues, museums, sports stadiums, and more for a long list of countries, many of them in Africa. Its most recent deal fetched $5 million for two statues of Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwes longtime president, to mark the leaders 90th birthday.
they have HR problem like any company, they even fire people for not following HR policy  http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2013/05/shortcomings-of-al-qaedas-worst-employee.html  The AP found the copy of the letter to Belmoktar in a building in Mali formerly occupied by Al Qaeda fighters. It details his faults, from failing to file his expense reports to a lack of teamwork. The highlights, below:  Does not work well with others: "Abu Abbas is not willing to follow anyone," AQIM wrote, referring to Belmoktar by his nom de guerre, Khaled Abu Abbas. "He is only willing to be followed and obeyed."  Failed to meet fund-raising targets: Belmoktar's men held Canadian diplomat Robert Fowler and his colleague hostage for four months in 2008. Fowler wrote a book about it. AQIM "referred the case to al-Qaeda central to force concessions in the U.S.-led war in Afghanistan," but Belmoktar made his own deal, releasing both hostages for 700,000 euros, well below the going $3 million rate.  Poor allocation of resources: AQIM's Osama bin Ladenapproved business model was to kidnap tourists and aid workers, hold them for ransom, then use the money to buy arms and carry out attacks. But Belmoktar didn't manage his resources to their satisfaction, per the letter: "(The chapter) gave Abu Abbas a considerable amount of money to buy military material, despite its own great need for money at the time. ... Abu Abbas didn't participate in stepping up to buy weapons," it says. "So whose performance deserves to be called poor in this case, I wonder?"  Insubordination: "He ignored a meeting in Timbuktu, calling it 'useless.' He even ordered his men to refuse to meet with al-Qaida emissaries. And he aired the organization's dirty laundry in online jihadist forums, even while refusing to communicate with the chapter via the Internet, claiming it was insecure."  Failure to achieve performance goals: "Any observer of the armed actions (carried out) in the Sahara will clearly notice the failure of The Masked Brigade to carry out spectacular operations, despite the region's vast possibilities  there are plenty of mujahedeen, funding is available, weapons are widespread and strategic targets are within reach," AP quotes from the letter. "Your brigade did not achieve a single spectacular operation targeting the crusader alliance."
media does not always need FOIA request to get police arrest report.  in state with high open government level like Florida, the police will just email the entire report to the reporters or post all the report online. leading to great Florida Man stories everyday complete with mugshot and detail of the craziness.  http://www.miaminewtimes.com/news/how-floridas-proud-open-government-laws-lead-to-the-shame-of-florida-man-news-stories-7608595
you may be able to get majority to support legalization of weeds and MDMA, but how about stuff like meth and bath salts?
He said he initially denied impregnating the girl in 2011 because the information would ruin his reputation as a teacher.   During the investigation of this story, Mokoena also threatened to hunt down, assault and kill this journalist.  seen like he is going to be a great father/grandfather
it is no to win heart and minds, it is to put a dent on the official personality cult of the supreme leader and state propaganda of a worker paradise. several group have been working for years to smuggle in usb drive of foreign movie and tv show to NK. this is a dangerous poison pill for the authority, literally the most dangerous weapon being used again them.  even if the north korean watching this video does not understand a single word in the video and dont understand the plot. just a display of foreign ways of life will dangerously undermine the regime's message.
it is a good choice, unforgiven have some of the most badass quote on revenge in cinematic history   All right, I'm coming out. Any man I see out there, I'm gonna shoot him. Any sumbitch takes a shot at me, I'm not only gonna kill him, but I'm gonna kill his wife, all his friends, and burn his damn house down.    I've killed women and children. I've killed everything that walks or crawls at one time or another. And I'm here to kill you, Little Bill, for what you done to Ned.
they scan at higher resolution precisely because 4k and 8k are coming to comsumer, they don't want to do the mastering again every time higher resolution release is required  this is a article about the scanning process way back in 2008  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/programmes/click_online/7525143.stm  The digital remastering process begins by scanning the reels of film, frame by frame at 2,000 pixels across, about the resolution of high definition TV.   At this resolution the machine can scan 18 frames a second, meaning the film moves through the scanner at about two thirds of the true speed. Every single frame can generate 13MB of data.  Increasingly, the studios are scanning at 4,000 and even 6,000 pixels across, in order to prepare the films for even higher resolution.   Scanning at these resolutions generates immense amounts of data - a typical 4,000 pixel film will take up at least 12TB, before any work is done on it.   Luckily, Warner Bros has a rack of machines which provide one petabyte (1000 terabytes) of storage.