That's incredibly fucked up. I am sorry :(
I love the all in one face base   http://www.makeupalley.com/product/showreview.asp/ItemId=17272/All-in-one-face-base/The-Body-Shop/Foundations
("Well can I get chocolate? NO!? NOT EVEN CHOCOLATE SHAKES!?!? Well... how about vanilla? WHAAAT!?")   When the shake machine is down that means ALL flavors.  =0 Yes, even strawberry.
Your mentality disgusts me. What if this was your daughter? Wife? Mother?  Yes, meeting strangers off the internet can be dangerous. I'm sure she has "learned her lesson".   If the rapist truly knew what the fuck he was doing he would have made her sign a contract. While she may have agreed to having sex involving rape play, she did not consent to being held prisoner for three days. She did not consent to being anally raped. BOTH people were not going about this the correct way. A detailed discussion of hard limits should have been conducted beforehand and a safeword so that when he crossed the line she would at least have the opportunity to signal her distress. Whether that would have stopped him or not.
oh no, glad he's ok. I had a cat with the opposite problem, she was constipated and couldn't poo. Vet told us to feed her vaseline and it worked like a charm. Trust me you haven't lived until you've tried giving your cat a makeshift enema with a syringe.
lol that's adorable
Fill up on vegetables/fruits. Drink a lot of water and have healthy snacks prepared that way when you snack you have a better substitute on hand. Don't buy junk food/keep it in the house  Of course at work it's harder, especially when everyone is ordering fast food/take out.
"I look at the coupon, look at him, then take my pen and underline, circle, and draw arrows pointing to the "not valid on" disclaimer"   Should have highlighted it. For emphasis :)
YEP
I've gotten one box. And I had to wait like 6 months to get it. Just review a bunch of crap, tweet and or share on facebook, ask questions and then wait for a survey to come in your email. I ended up lying my ass off to get this cheese voxbox. We'll see if it works. I have done like 3 or 4 pre-qualification surveys and I always get "we're sorry but you don't qualify". So I am trying to lie now to actually get boxes
personally I wouldn't want to have sex with someone unless they were comfortable with it. granted I don't always want to have sex during my period but if they can't be mature about it, I would have trouble respecting them
why the fuck would you buy the cheapest item in the store and pay for it with a $100 bill?
She did leave the hospital AMA. You have the right to do that. They then turned around and got a court order against her. She ended up having to go to three hospitals in order to find one (moses taylor) that would let her give birth vaginally. I understand they are worried about lawsuits but that shouldn't be an excuse to give a cesarean to everyone that walks in the door.
Does anyone else get this?   We are constantly getting people coming into our store or calling and asking for "Frank" or "Joe" or 15 other people who do not and have never worked there. The only thing I can fathom is that if they call the store and we let it ring four times it goes to the call center in arizona. The call center people are morons. They are always scheduling truck reservations for trucks we don't have, hitch appointments on days when there is no hitch mechanic in the store, and generally making our job 50% harder, especially when the customer comes in and we have to tell them that the call center screwed up. We don't really have that truck available. "But the lady on the phone said!"    Well sir that lady on the phone is a moron. She is over 2000 miles away and is too lazy to look at the computer to see that this particular truck is on the other side of the state.  Anyway, we get this at least once a day. "Is so and so here?"  Who?  "I talked to so and so." Nobody by that name works here. "I just called here and talked to them 5 minutes ago!"  What's better is when after explaining how the call center works the person STILL thinks that one of the employees was the one on the phone and that somehow we are lying to them or playing a trick on them.   TL;DR Just because you talk to someone on the phone doesn't mean they actually work here.
"It won't go down!"   Disclaimer: The following post will probably be disgusting.  Today at work, my coworker alerted me to a problem in the men's bathroom. I had already cleaned it so I sighed and asked him what was wrong.  Someone had taken a dump and left it in the toilet bowl. The men's room smelled horrible.    I went to investigate.  "Why wouldn't they flush?" I asked myself, sighing.  Hindsight is 20/20 and I have determined that the guilty party had probably, in fact flushed.    My brave coworker and I marched to the bathroom.   I held my nostrils closed and flushed. Nothing.  It won't budge.  My coworker tried flushing.  Nothing.    I ran from the room, gagging.  The poop was the consistency of glue. It wasn't going anywhere. It had plans of sticking around for a long, long time.  My coworker suggested pouring bleach on it to facilitate the flushing process.  I ran for the cleaning supplies.  In the meantime my coworker decided to record a video on his phone showing the flushing process and lack of progress.  He said he was going to upload it on youtube. He was going to title it "It won't go down."  I poured a fuckton of bleach on the offending turd. It started to disintegrate into a million pieces of stinky disgusting turd.  I repeated the bleach pouring and flushing remedy to no avail.  Maybe, I thought, maybe I'll let it set for a while so the bleach can really soak in there.  I made a sign. Out of order. Please use women's restroom. Sorry!  I taped it to the door.  Did I mention I sprayed a ton of air freshener??  I think we should like, poke it with a stick, I told my coworker.  That's disgusting, he replied.   Yes, yes it is, I thought.  Somehow I've gotta clean this thing.  I googled "poop won't flush" but did not come up with a cure-all solution.  I started looking for something to poke the poo with.  Eventually after half a gallon of bleach and 20 flushes the poop finally SLID down the hole. It left the hugest shitstained bowl I've ever seen.  After much plunging and toilet bowl cleaner soaking and toilet bowl scrubber scrubbing, I finally defeated the shit demon.   I felt like a champion.   I left the door propped open so the bathroom would air out.  Still I warned everyone to use the ladies' room.
first post   I forgot to make an into post!  I am a married 28 y/o from Scranton, PA  I work at a storage /moving truck rental company with a bunch of guys and don't really have time for much makeup before work.  Normally I just do eyeliner, bb cream, and some kind of lip balm/gloss. Also I have to clean out storage units all day so by the end of the day I am gross and exhausted.  I am really in love with any kind of foot scrub because my feet get really sore from being on my feet all day. I also use a lot of makeup/cleansing wipes at work when I get a chance and I get really dry hands from cleaning products so I always have some kind of hand cream/lotion in my purse.   On my day off I normally just catch up on house cleaning. Occasionally I still like to glam up however it's not as often as I'd like.