October Sky
District 9 I believe
MySpace. Almost 10 years.  He messaged me asking if one of my friends was single. I said I didn't know, because I hadn't seen her in a few months.  Next thing I know it's 2am and he's asking me about movies. Following day we talked a bunch more, then went and saw The Cave.   Turns out we were practically neighbors, living only a few blocks from each other. We've had ups and downs but it's been a great ten years. :)
I went into that movie completely blind, only saw the poster, no trailer or anything. Didn't even know the plot.  Walked out with it being one of my all time favorites, and it still is. It's just so funny and heartbreaking. It has it all.
If I Stay. Loved the book so much, even if it's YA. Stayed up half the night reading it and the other half reading the sequel. Movie was just... meh.  Also The Road.
No Country for Old Men
Identity
Two Staples in my district are closing next month.
A Few Good Men
Primal Fear.
I think she's more like an assistant to Nick Fury, which explains why she's there.   Every time she speaks, though, I cringe.
There's Something Wrong With Aunt Diane
Do more with less? Okay, but this is a little ridiculous.   So I'm the assistant manager in a tier 4 store. I guess this also means I am the sales manager? Fine.  This is how my day is supposed to go...  Check in with GM. Check numbers (kiosk, ESP, tech, digital receipts, rewards pen, solution builder, daily sales, VIBE, market basket, ink attachment, paper attachment, paper to ink attachment), meet with all associates about all of these numbers, attempt to improve them 10 fold, work all the freight by myself with a little help from whatever associate is there (not many because there are only 7 in the whole store), shoot pull lists for the entire store, work them until they are completely finished, file them, provide platinum customer service, sell the shit out of everything even though we have nothing, shadow cashiers to make sure they aren't fucking up digital receipts, tell cashiers what part of the signature experience they weren't following, hold rally meetings to discuss goals and how we aren't even close to meeting them, make the store look amazing, do banking, settle tills, check the updated numbers, email all the numbers, babysit closing cashier to make sure they did something other than stand around, walk store, clock out, lock doors, go home, stress out about numbers and how I'm probably going to lose my job because my store can't sell ESP or tech for shit, toss and turn for a while, eventually fall asleep.  Do all of this and cover copy center breaks and lunches and possibly even cashiers' breaks and lunches, depending on the day. And intake computers because I only have one tech.   Wake up and do it all over again.  Just... I don't really know what to do. It's too much. My head is going to explode from all the pointlessness. Yet... I care. I've been with Staples three years, been almost every position, but I think I might have reached my breaking point.
"The paper is $7.79, but you get a rebate for $4.00 that you can mail in or do online. Doing it online is super easy, takes about a minute, and they mail you a check!"  I say this probably 20 times a week, every week. Every once in a while I'll get the grumpy old man that's like "I don't have time for that bullshit" but I'll say "if you can't figure it out, sir, come in and I'll do it for you." And I have before, it takes like 30 seconds if you know what you're doing.
Solution Builder is the easiest thing in the world to use. I feel weird now even using the register to ring up something than a color or black and white copy. Self serve SKUs do not count against you, my store uses them all the time and we have frequently been in the 99-100% range.  Here's a tip: Don't even bother with the whole "what's your first name, last name, blah blah". It's a waste. I make up all the information, print out the payment ticket, and then ask for their rewards information at the register. If they are a regular customer, sure I'll put in their rewards number at the kiosk, but for most people I just make up the information. It's so much faster and hasn't hurt my store in any way.  I don't know what counts against us more, conversion or DPT. I think it's conversion, which is why I don't give a fuck if someone wants one black and white copy. I'll ring it out. It looks better than someone who walked in without spending any money.  The express card thing makes no sense. Because you can't give someone an express card for 12 cents without ringing it out at the register. Which counts towards your DPT... soooo. And if grandma doesn't have a debit card and wants a copy of her social security letter, she's gonna get one from me. I'm not gonna make her get a card, put a dollar on it, haul her ass over to the self-serve copier, make the copy for her, then cash out her card and give her the remaining 88 cents.   Come on. That's just shitty customer service.  If you are BLATANTLY going against company policy, like saying fuck solution builder. Then yeah that's a reason to get fired. So just use it and you'll be fine.
Awesome job!