To be fair, from what I've heard, Psylocke's ethnicity is pretty complicated (having the mind of Captain Britain's entirely White sister and the body of an Asian warrior). And this new Jubilee is much more obviously Asian than she was in the cartoon, so we have that.
Gay marriage was legalised throughout the US, IIRC (I'm a Kiwi, not an American), and this guy is supposed to be homophobic in the TV series (I've heard differently about the novels). I don't think it's supposed to be a homophobic post, just a joke about the character.
It's just a phallus, seeeeeee?!
Not a fan of the on-island ending? I didn't mind it. I mean, the show gets silly very quickly. There's a massive turning point in season 4 where it goes from still semi-realistic to completely batshit insane, and they resolve that specific cliffhanger in season 5 with an answer which was even more batshit insane. It was around that point where they dropped flashbacks for good (except for the occasional episode) as a means for characterisation. That's where it dropped most of the viewers. I'd say if you missed any episodes before you watched the finale, you haven't given it a fair chance. As for the ending, it was just as silly as everything else had become on the show. That's kinda what I like about it - they committed to the lunacy they'd built up to.
Are you *sure* about NZ?!      Edit: nope, not NZ.
She's unrecognisable in Game of Thrones. She's supposed to be this dark-haired, slim, long-legged [sexy badass](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/iceandfire/images/c/cf/Regodon-asha-greyjoy.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20120213162523). They changed her name to Yara (because apparently Asha sounds too similar to Osha) and cast her as [differently](http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130611131832/gameofthrones/images/3/34/Yara_Greyjoy_3X10.png) as possible (dirty blonde?). Not saying she's unattractive, she's just not Asha.     (Edited for several bad grammars)
The first three seasons and the last three seasons are like two separate shows. The Season 3 finale is the perfect ending to the show as it's set up in the pilot, tying up as many character arcs as possible and doing away with the flashback structure which had been ingrained in the show since the very beginning.          And then the sequel show begins - the final three seasons, during which the show went batshit fucking insane and lost tons of viewers. Not me, though - I loved it.
Hey, not always.
He should do *The Dark Tower*. Get Ron Howard and Akiva "Winter's Tale" Goldsman the hell away from DT and let the best Stephen King director of all time work his magic.
[Mate!](http://youtu.be/Vjn2JKrlkcU)
Also correct.
I liked the fact that the professor was called Callahan as a clear Dirty Harry reference, because the city is half San Francisco.       Apart from that, speeding up your main pop song for time constraints is a crime in any movie. As soon as the brother drove on screen, I thought straight away that *this guy is a walking tombstone. He's not in any of the promos and he's an endlessly perfect role model.* I groaned when he Uncle Ben'd.      Overall: great animation, cool concepts, but it's such an origin story! We're all sick of that.
I agree with both of them, sorry. It tries to be about two separate aspects of one man's life but at just over 100 minutes long, it ran ridiculously short for how much it tried to cram in.      The dialogue sounds like it was written an American screenwriter who doesn't know how to make characters sound English, and the Norwegian director does pretty well making it sound natural...but it doesn't help that so many of its lines read like trailer excerpts.       So much of the Bletchley Park story felt off. A tad unrealistic, and that's because it actually didn't happen like that at all. They were all fully behind Turing's project - in fact he was specifically brought in to work on those machines. Why did it have to be turned into The Social Network?
You may be completely right (and probably are). Nonetheless, it's a suggestive title because it points out that the scene where she uses a sharp object is a scene involving, in OP's words, the heaviest spoilers possible.     All I ask is that you don't shower me with downvotes :)
I'm playing Grounded, and man it's soooo cheap. Starting the generator in the hotel: no matter what you do, a runner immediately comes up behind you if you haven't grabbed the keycard. You need to have full health to survive that at all.     Not to mention that all infected are psychic and that you will, thousands of times, watch a stealth-killed hunter drop a loaded weapon and you'll have no way to use their ammo because their gun vanishes into thin air. Fuck Grounded.      I can't imagine the patience the platinum takes.
[The chances are higher than you'd have thought!](http://venturebeat.com/2014/11/07/bioware-mass-effect-trilogy-remake/)     People don't realise, but they're being discreet about it likely because it's in the works. Whether they'll actually go through with it is up in the air, because I'd imagine it would be fucking expensive.     (Edit: better link)