Please not Jim Harbaugh! I know the appeal because he goes in and wins for a couple of seasons, but the trend with him is he starts to really get under the skin of those around him. Long term it isn't worth it. I've other people give excuses about media hype, but where there's smoke there's fire.  I would be really disappointed to see him come to the Dolphins.
First, take estibot with a grain if salt. It's only worth what someone would pay.  I would post it to sedo and see what offers you get. Decline offers if you want. Realize that it may be a while before you get an offer.  I recommend going to namebio.com to see how much similar domain names have sold for. This is one of the better ways to gauge value.  You could share the domain name here, it's not like anyone can take it from you.
I really appreciate everyone's feedback. I'm going to keep looking around as quality is important, but I'm really just interested in having some fun with it, so I want it to look fun to me...that may be "tacticool" but I'm still learning about all this.   Unfortunately I missed the memorial sale at Palmetto for the AR uppers (300). My intention was to get that and then a lower locally, but the uppers sold out.  Thanks again Redditors.
More of this, please.
Made me actually lol.   Off to Google!
2 stars. Felt that the character development was lacking and the situation wasn't very believable.   For flash fiction the writer shows some promise and grammar aptitude, though the occasional caps lock wasn't really necessary.   I'll give the movie version a chance. I hear Tom Hanks will play the doctor, I like him.
That's some backwards logic there.  I'm not going to go for the hot chick. She's hot for a reason.
It's a great analogy, but you would want to sit down with the person and discuss why the goals were not met.  Context is lost on a lot of people. It's easy to point a finger, but there's more going on in reality. If you're going to lead an organization you better figure out what's really happening and not jump to "the GM is doing a lousy job".
This is probably the best article on the situation. I've defended Ireland in the past, and feel he does a very good job on the draft. This past off season, however, was a disaster. It's easy look back and say this (hindsight being 20/20), but Ireland should have known better.   When was the last time a team made wholesale changes to their roster like we did? When has that worked? I remember the Redskins (maybe the 90s) making a number of changes and they won the Super Bowl, but they brought in proven and trusted vets, not a WR who was a bit of a diva, linebackers (don't get me wrong, I think Ellerbe and Wheeler are very good) and OLs who are still green.  This will continue to affect us. Next year won't be good either unless some leaders are brought in or miraculously emerge.
Mike Sherman is not the problem.  1) Tannehill hands the ball to the Bills for a TD on the first drive, then fumbles for them in the 4th quarter when we had the lead. 2) Our o-line lets more guys in than a cheap hooker. Yesterday's "improved" o-line performance (measuring sacks) was a mask. Tannehill was able to buy more time by rolling out and we ran better, but they did not play better.  It's really easy to call out coaches as the problem, but you don't know what play was called, when Tannehill audibled out, how they prepared...do you expect Sherman to suit up and play tackle? Or run on the field and stop Tannehill's occasional bad decision?
Micca MPLAY-HD 1080p - Riddit's Thoughts?   I want to get something to play digital movies I have on a hard drive on my TV (I've tried Plex through my blu-ray and for some reason it always craps out after about 45 minutes).  Any experience with the below? Other recommendations?  http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002XVBAKI/ref=s9_wish_gw_d98_g23_ir03?ie=UTF8 colid=3TQMIRNINX5I2 coliid=IOGBZQZWD5HFT pf_rd_m=ATVPDKIKX0DER pf_rd_s=center-2 pf_rd_r=1XWC4QAXE16F4RCAR8MA pf_rd_t=101 pf_rd_p=1630072222 pf_rd_i=507846
Yeah!  Thanks :)
Going through a divorce now myself. Your statement sounds like you're describing me.   Good luck with everything, and sorry about your marriage.
Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind (2004)
First, I hate the fucking Jets. But I'm starting to feel sorry for some of their players, like Geno. Damn they are fucked. Can a team lose 20 games in a year?
Old thread but thought I'd comment.   As someone with a lot of hours, it's a very strategic game that can be ruined by inexperienced players. I'm not a fan of kicking, however, if you don't communicate and try to follow instructions you probably will be kicked. But it does depend on who you are playing with. Tell people you are new and listening, they should give you a chance.