Did you know that Lincolns assassination was part of a larger plan to kill Secretary of State William Seward (who was injured in a concurrent attack at his home) and Vice President Andrew Johnson (whose assigned attacker bailed and got drunk instead)?
I have an extra tickets for Conor Oberst's Holiday Cheer concert in NYC tomorrow night. PM me if you're interested.
The fella with the beard is at work and asked me to respond. As a bit of back story, we all initially began our training with beards- it was kind of a gimmick for charity. He was admirably the only one who kept his throughout, and we actually shaved it off together about an hour after this picture was taken. But here's his response:    "it definitely kept me warm on a relatively cold day. Disclaimer- Not advisable for use with summer training regimen in NYC and is generally incompatible with most models of girlfriend."  Anyway, thanks for the kudos!
Here's a list of books I recently read. Which one is your favorite?
Junot Diaz will cure that for you.
I'm reading The Son by Philipp Meyer.   I work in the book biz, so I saw dozens of reviews for this book when it came out. If I can help it I won't read a review before I read the book, so I basically ignored The Son until a few weeks ago, when I met Philipp Meyer and had a beer with him. I started reading the book the next day and, though I'm only a dozen chapters in, I know this will be one of my all time favorites. The writing is as close to perfect as I've seen in recent memory. Have you all read the book and what do you think? I'm afraid I'm just a fan of the man instead of the writing.
What's the fun in that?
Correct
Ernest Cline's Ready Player One.
I've always attended the interactive sessions, so I can't speak to the music. That being said there seems to be a give and take with the popularity of these festivals. They are becoming larger and more intricate, which takes away from the grass roots feel of the whole thing, but also moves them towards bigger acts and more legitimacy.   Plus even at interactive the music is still killer.
I just wrote this article on fan fiction, and who really owns the worlds we love, for a major media outlet. Let me know your thoughts.
It's my cake day, so I decided to buy myself a gift.
Lazy fat blogger?
If you could choose your friend's Halloween costume, what would you choose?
When men don't wear belts.
eggs and lots of toilet paper.