Women vs Men
Since i've got my free Futtie Reus i've changed my squad to fit him in, i've been playing with this team for a few days and its just absolutely amazing.   http://www.futhead.com/15/squads/36956836/
All polar bears are lefties
Police handcuffs arrested guy to motorcycle and makes him run next to the bike.
Haha, he's a running joke back here in the Netherlands. LVG talks "stonecoal English". Basically he just litteraly translates Dutch sayings. But yes, most of us speak English pretty well. Dutch isn't the biggest language so we have to. Its not weird for people from the Netherlands to speak English, German and even French.
You should! He's a very nice, down to earth guy. I think Newcastle is the perfect club for him.
Hippos helping a duckling
Disco grocery shopping in Amsterdam
Exactly! I frequently visit festivals in the Netherlands and truth is that at least 50% of the visitors are using something other then alcohol... maybe even more. I think they realise that you can't prevent people from using because they will always find a way to get it inside, then the next best thing is to at least try to make it as safe as possible and give people the opportunity to test their drugs and give them as much information as possible while they're there.
Its one of his most quoted lines from the movie by now... don't know the exact context anymore. Oh well, now i have an excuse to go see it again.
Thats why these movies are great, you don't just want to see them F up badguys... (gotta watch the language)
Ha, me neither!
why the hell isn't any newsmedia picking this up? I've been seeing tweets and video's of it for over an hour but can't find it on any of the big news sites.
God...
didn't know i was talking to someone who knows what he's talking about, and i agree with everything you say its just a bit to much, on the one hand its all house remixes, and on the raw hardstyle hand its only hardcore kicks with screeches!   But as far as the shows go (and thats why i posted it), you can't disagree that its pretty epic.
hahaha loving this, and the "should we give other people some?" and then not doing it, i mean come on man, those guys probably know a bit of English