Yeah. But they know about condoms. Getting pregnant was just a trendy thing to do. Let's not sit here and pretend we don't both know that and cater to the bigotry of low expectations.
HA! I'll give those a try for sure!
Ha! No problem. I didn't know it had that vibe and thought it was complex but not a connoisseur. I'm actually 40 so maybe I need to find something better. Trying to upgrade my life but things like t-shirts are so hard to stop buying.
Ha! That thing is great! It looks like they wanted to stick a CD player in there so bad but then remembered at the last minute that was the opposite of the point.
News, yes.  3-hour special... fuck no.  And is he REALLY still a major public figure?  Really?  Not since the 70's has he really been a MAJOR public figure.  Appearing on the E network because of who your daughter fucked doesn't count.
You're right again!  I feel terrible that this young man who killed and maimed so many people might have to spend the rest of his life in jail. He should be released so that he won't have to suffer that fate!
Let's see what happens when we give them the bomb!
https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-13RVBJAgMZ8/VLQeeBJF4QI/AAAAAAAAAsU/pwLWiRV38eo/w450-h214-no/tldr.gif  Nigga, I ain't readin' all that!
Caveat: YOU probably wouldn't be wondering why that happened the way it did but most rational, thinking people would.   His ridiculously weak statement was basically nothing.   Source: I was here.
Bush lied, people died!!!  And so did all these people... Ring a bell?  "One way or the other, we are determined to deny Iraq the capacity to develop weapons of mass destruction and the missiles to deliver them. That is our bottom line."      President Clinton, Feb. 4, 1998.   "If Saddam rejects peace and we have to use force, our purpose is clear. We want to seriously diminish the threat posed by Iraq's weapons of mass destruction program."      President Clinton, Feb. 17, 1998.   "Iraq is a long way from [here], but what happens there matters a great deal here. For the risks that the leaders of a rogue state will use nuclear, chemical or biological weapons against us or our allies is the greatest security threat we face."      Madeline Albright, Feb 18, 1998.   "He will use those weapons of mass destruction again, as he has ten times since 1983."      Sandy Berger, Clinton National Security Adviser, Feb, 18, 1998   "[W]e urge you, after consulting with Congress, and consistent with the U.S. Constitution and laws, to take necessary actions (including, if appropriate, air and missile strikes on suspect Iraqi sites) to respond effectively to the threat posed by Iraq's refusal to end its weapons of mass destruction programs."      Letter to President Clinton, signed by Sens. Carl Levin, Tom Daschle, John Kerry, and others Oct. 9, 1998.   "Saddam Hussein has been engaged in the development of weapons of mass destruction technology which is a threat to countries in the region and he has made a mockery of the weapons inspection process."      Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D, CA), Dec. 16, 1998.   "Hussein has ... chosen to spend his money on building weapons of mass destruction and palaces for his cronies."      Madeline Albright, Clinton Secretary of State, Nov. 10, 1999.   "There is no doubt that . Saddam Hussein has reinvigorated his weapons programs. Reports indicate that biological, chemical and nuclear programs continue apace and may be back to pre-Gulf War status. In addition, Saddam continues to redefine delivery systems and is doubtless using the cover of a licit missile program to develop longer-range missiles that will threaten the United States and our allies."      Letter to President Bush, Signed by Sen. Bob Graham (D, FL,) and others, Dec, 5, 2001.   "We begin with the common belief that Saddam Hussein is a tyrant and a threat to the peace and stability of the region. He has ignored the mandate of the United Nations and is building weapons of mass destruction and the means of delivering them."      Sen. Carl Levin (d, MI), Sept. 19, 2002.   "We know that he has stored secret supplies of biological and chemical weapons throughout his country."      Al Gore, Sept. 23, 2002.   "Iraq's search for weapons of mass destruction has proven impossible to deter and we should assume that it will continue for as long as Saddam is in power."      Al Gore, Sept. 23, 2002.   "We have known for many years that Saddam Hussein is seing and developing weapons of mass destruction."      Sen. Ted Kennedy (D, MA), Sept. 27, 2002.   "The last UN weapons inspectors left Iraq in October1998. We are confident that Saddam Hussein retains some stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons, and that he has since embarked on a crash course to build up his chemical and biological warfare capabilities. Intelligence reports indicate that he is seeking nuclear weapons..."      Sen. Robert Byrd (D, WV), Oct. 3, 2002.   "I will be voting to give the President of the United States the authority to use force  if necessary  to disarm Saddam Hussein because I believe that a deadly arsenal of weapons of mass destruction in his hands is a real and grave threat to our security."     Sen. John F. Kerry (D, MA), Oct. 9, 2002.   "There is unmistakable evidence that Saddam Hussein is working aggressively to develop nuclear weapons and will likely have nuclear weapons within the next five years . We also should remember we have alway s underestimated the progress Saddam has made in development of weapons of mass destruction."      Sen. Jay Rockerfeller (D, WV), Oct 10, 2002,   "He has systematically violated, over the course of the past 11 years, every significant UN resolution that has demanded that he disarm and destroy his chemical and biological weapons, and any nuclear capacity. This he has refused to do."      Rep. Henry Waxman (D, CA), Oct. 10, 2002.   "In the four years since the inspectors left, intelligence reports show that Saddam Hussein has worked to rebuild his chemical and biological weapons stock, his missile delivery capability, and his nuclear program. He has also given aid, comfort, and sanctuary to terrorists, including al Qaeda members. It is clear, however, that if left unchecked, Saddam Hussein will continue to increase his capacity to wage biological and chemical warfare, and will keep trying to develop nuclear weapons."      Sen. Hillary Clinton (D, NY), Oct 10, 2002   "We are in possession of what I think to be compelling evidence that Saddam Hussein has, and has had for a number of years, a developing capacity for the production and storage of weapons of mass destruction. "[W]ithout question, we need to disarm Saddam Hussein. He is a brutal, murderous dictator, leading an oppressive regime ... He presents a particularly grievous threat because he is so consistently prone to miscalculation. And now he has continued deceit and his consistent grasp for weapons of mass destruction ... So the threat of Saddam Hussein with weapons of mass destruction is real ...      Sen. John F. Kerry (D, MA), Jan. 23. 2003.
You're going to have to help me out with woobs here.
You don't actually think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor your every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better...  do you?   You realize that it's not always going to be Obama at the reigns of the FCC but the GOP sometime in the future... right?   And before you say it doesn't do that I remind you 1. Nobody's read the bill. 2. The FCC Chair refused to testify about the contents of the bill in front of Congress and 3. Once a govt starts regulating something it only adds more regulations as time goes by without ever reducing regulations.
Three cheers for the sickeningly stupid that think that handing control of the internet over to the people that monitor their every communication and impose their own morality upon citizens will make it better!
Plan To Spend $90 Trillion Redesigning Cities Without Cars
And then you just sit there in your own filth wiping your diseased, sticky hands all over the seat for the next person to discover the choco-doodoo apocalypse you created for their date slacks?  OK.
Wow.  You'd better have a little talk with your manager and find out where all that electricity comes from that you plug your little computer into.  (Lots of it is coal.)  Also, that chair you're sitting in isn't manufactured by wind energy.  Those lights above you?  I have some bad news about the manufacturing process.  You want the technology but don't want to think about where all the energy required to produce it originates from.  But sometimes symbolism is WAY better than actual substance.