Chinese company Xiao Zhu is conveying the dangers of air pollution by showing what can happen to future generations now [964x644]
Bubba Watson Makes Insane Putt at Chambers Bay
Sorry, did not intend to repost. I saw it on Twitter for the first time today.  Thought it was fascinating picture.
[reminds me of her](http://i.imgur.com/PzK8Hqy.jpg)
TDL: many restaurants still offer matches as souvenirs despite the sharp decline in smoking because there still considered "desirable swag" and seen as a "nostalgic collectible"
[here it is](http://i.imgur.com/jaU3FBZ.jpg)
Thank you.
Here's the link to the photo.  http://www.nasa.gov/content/goddard/sdo-telescope-collects-its-100-millionth-image/#lowerAccordion-set1-slide4
I just felt Grant Morrison's run on Batman with Williams, Quitely and Kubert was one of the most influential Batman arcs in recent memory.  Whether people like it or not can be debated but the artist were top notch.  I read the introduction and qualification but Bruce Timm defined Batman for a generation with BAS.
i agree with you on the utility bill.  He has only one child.  Lot of space for three people (really 2 people because he's on the road 40+ weeks a year).  He seems like a nice guy.  Stopped and talked to my 12 year old boy during a practice round of a tournament for a few minutes and gave him a signed golf ball.
100% agree.   wins, two top 10 finishes in majors.  year isn't even over yet but Tiger's lost it.  Imbeciles.
First you proved my point.  We are not the same person because I do not know what post you speak of.    Still didn't address the legality issues.  They teach you that in journalism school?    Fortunately, Law school, 10 years working for the speaker of the House and President of the Senate and now a decade of professional lobbying taught me how to play by the legal rules.  Also, congrats on your journalism career.  Seems to be going well for you.  Everyone hopes to graduate from journalism school and have a sexy Tron photo as their claim to fame.  hard hitting shit
I do attempt to post original content with each post and I do not just post from gfest if you like at my profile.  I give my personal take on that image, story, etc.  I notice that 'tchd' has numerous posts in other reddits that are nothing more than picture without comment.  If i just upload an image (via imgur) like him and then post it (similar to 75 percent of the folks on reddit), am I abiding by the rules?  Will I not be singled out?  Will a thread be blocked that personally attacks me without merit or fact?  Seems to me 'tchd' is cyber-bullying for his own gain.
Remember the scene is in the original "Men in Black" movie where Will Smith auditions for Tommy Lee Jones and Rip Torn to determine if he has what it takes to be a part of the team?  Well Heidi Montag apparently put together this god awful audition tape for Michael Bay to land Megan Fox's role in "Transformer's 3."
That is hilarious.  Well done.
Even though its been leaked, I am excited to see it in its full form.  Nice picture too.  Way better than Steve Jobs.