Yeah and I agree, these videos are awesome! It does seem simple so it's cool to see how producers tweak their samples to get the sound they want. Those samples were pitched up 6/10 of a semitone.
Yeah they get taken down and re-uploaded.   Ahh, I thought I recognised the name. It's interesting what you say about them helping to drag you out of a sad mood, they do the same for me, I guess it's a comfort thing.  I'll check out the animated stuff, watched some of it when it first came out. Have you listened to the bonus hour podcast they did, it's my go to! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALGFVxKv2f4
Haha, I've been listening almost every day for the past few years. I go from XFM series 0-4 then rinse and repeat.  You uploaded them on youtube at one point didn't you? I remember a screenshot of Smerch commenting to you on a thread.
Thanks for the link, this shit's crazy.
ok thanks for the heads up
Ooof
I think my friend had this. He would often poo in strange places like round the back of the bike sheds and in a cow field and that, and he liked showing off his arsehole with cheeks spread.
"I'm not going to sleep with you, I just met you."  Shit, she's doesn't want my penis. What kind of man am I? Mustn't be creepy, keep it cool. "Erm, sorry but I think you should know that... this is actually the only chance you'll get... with me I mean, so... erm, sorry about that..." Shit, that was pathetic, she's just looking around now, gotta be more dominant, show her who's boss, yeah that'll do it, give off that abundance vibe,  "Oi, Frigid, put your knickers back on and fuck off if you're going to play cocktease... tart."
This sounds very interesting, I hope someone can shed some light on it for you!
Downvoted you before I upvoted you so I could give you +2 points
Nah, not convinced. It was definitely aliens or something.
Mug/Glass Switcheroo   I was going to play some music from my iPhone while hanging with friends, and I often put the phone in a glass or mug to magnify the sound.   On my bedside table was a mug and a glass. As I was deciding which one to use as my DIY speaker, I said to myself specifically, 'the glass will be better to use.' Picked it up.   Turned around and checked if my laundry was dry. When I looked down, I was holding the mug.   Shouted, "No. Fucking. Way". The glass was still on my bedside table.
Thanks, that was a great explanation. I understood a little about the pathways in the brain so that all made perfect sense. Thanks again! :)
Allen: What!? A pimp? Were you even listening to the story?
Classic Internet.
Shit! I'm actually doing this in January!  Me and my best fucking bro in the world had been talking about travelling the world for ages. About 2 months ago I handed my notice in at work and bought a one-way ticket to Australia.   We're going to live there for a year with a working holiday visa and then just go with the flow.   I'm in the process of selling all of my possessions. It makes you realise how much shit you have. One of my friends described it as, 'shedding my skin.'  Take the plunge and shed your skin. You said it yourself, nothing is holding you back! :)