Practice parries on the cinder block guys, they are easy to learn on.  Skip the 2 big beasts on the bridge, they will wreck your shit early in the game.    So long as you are enjoying your time with the mechanics you shouldn't worry about progressing quickly.  Obviously veterans of the series are going to get through quicker than you.    You could also look up epicnamebro on youtube,  he helped me a ton in learning the ropes for ds1.  His bloodborne videos are coming along very well.
using slider to adjust room view.   I used this tutorial series to make sliders for my interface ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vzIV_c81ovk ), and I want to somehow link my vertical slider to control scrolling the room up/down.  Essentially my background is 1280X1400, and my view/port is 1280X720.  I tried something along the lines of if x is at bottom of bar move_to_position(0,1400,spd)  just to see if I could get the screen to scroll at all.  Instead the slider sprite just hopped off the bar and went to that position.  any help would be greatly appreciated..  edit : not sure if I could if (X=50%  of slider position.  move_to_xview, 0, move_to_yview,1400, spd) sorry new/bad at coding, and cant find anyone else that has done anything similar.
If you are remotely technically savvy I'd pay 4-500 for a pc.  If you want to strictly use your tv then you save on buying a monitor, and you can get a 360 wireless dongle which will support 4 players on wireless 360 controllers.  Plus buying games on steam will probably save you money in the long run.  Not to mention if you get used to putting computers together and trouble shooting after college you can reward yourself with baller computer parts.  Edit: a console isn't a bad option now a days if you don't feel like getting in over your head.  Both have their subscription plans with free games monthly.
None
Confirmed? there has been a lot of hearsay but I hadn't heard any confirmation.  I don't see any reason to make a sequel, it will just fragment the community.
Yea I'd like to see more stuff like this in the community, really glad I got one.
There is only 1 game that is free on ps+ this month that is also offered on the psnow service.  I understand that their streaming technology probably costs them an insane amount of money, but offering that 1 game as a free to stream game from October 8 to November 5 wont bankrupt Sony.  They could put a countdown timer on the games icon, similar to the countdown on pre-loads.  "This game will expire on this date, if you want to keep playing you can rent it."  Offering this would also get people involved in the psnow ecosystem, if they play that one game for free and see that it works really well they are more likely to go in and spend money to rent things.
I'd check and see if they have a dress code, and what it is.  Cap toe shoes/boots, or chukkah boots should be fine.  If you can get in wearing denim then go for the darkest blue denim you can find, go with slim or slim tapered.  You might feel weird if you are used to baggy denim, but you will look better.(so long as you really are slim, also depending on how tall you are).If jeans are a no go then try some slim chinos.  Personally I'd wear a slim cut button down, no tails so you don't have to keep it tucked in depending on if the rest of the crowd is tucked vs. Untucked.   Posting some shots of yourself will also help people guide you a bit better, and definitely check the dress code.You don't wanna be the one that keeps your group from getting in, unless you are rolling in with like 10 girls.then you might get in wearing your pajamas.
Wearing your pants that low is cheating..
What brake setup is that? Working on an old austro daimler and can't make up my mind on a lever.
The 5 HDMI inputs are not a deal breaker, but they are looking very good.  Bluetooth I can take or leave, it would be nice but my chromecast works just as well.  I've been told that Yamaha receivers have the least amount of technical problems, as well as the least amount of features.  Opposed to Denon with the most technical problems, but the most extra features.  Apparently Pioneer falls right in the middle.  (who knows how accurate my source was on that one though) Thanks for the input, I'm waiting for the towers to go on sale so I guess I will still keep shopping around on the best receiver to fit my needs.
Absolutely atleast 5 years. The place I have my eye on currently, well one of many.  The one I'm waiting to hear back from has been on the market for about half a year, and has already lowered their price about 10k.  It isn't a very convenient area, it just happens to be very very convenient to the place I work.  I do need to have it seriously checked out though, if I get serious on this one.  Because that length of time tends to make me nervous. Thanks for the advice!
Strange, ya sometimes if things are too close to a Wi-Fi source they won't connect.maybe try using the cable and getting all the system updates, if you haven't tried that yet.if that doesn't work you might have to contact support.heh
originoo gunn clappaz, tradgedy khadafi,  unless I missed anything
http://www.dsw.com/shoe/aston+grey+rockcastle+2+boot?prodId=280808 productRef=SEARCH  Sorry been away a few days, I'd recommend going into the retail store if you buy them.  Normally I wear a 12, and had to size down to 10.5.
thanks, I sized 1 down.  Tried on 2 sizes down, and was really paranoid about crotch blow before they got a chance to stretch.  They are a little too big on my waist now, so i just wear an undershirt and tuck it in + belt.  Im on the same boat. Thinking of trying japan blue, or 3sixteen.  They seem to be the most comparable in value/quality.  Also hanging in to see if Gustin releases info on their 18.4oz selvedge indigo they talked about on here.  Although i'm not in a huge rush, still loving my apc's.