Already downvoted in less than a minute......  Here's the best part: "Any time you're talking about massive investment of public resources, it ought to be treated in the same way that a venture capitalist would treat it," Kucinich said. "There's no business in the worldno bank, no venture capital fundthat would give money to an entity without asking for anything in return. Negotiate a position in the same way that a venture capitalist would. You become a partner, not simply someone who is playing Santa Claus with taxpayer money."
Phil Jackson thinks Okafor might not be aggressive enough. "Also, if you look at the guys who came to the NBA from Duke, aside from Grant Hill, which ones lived up to expectations?"
It's odd there's no time penalty for this.  It was an equipment break in a race.  Racing is a panic.    I don't think he really gained anything by it.
Lance Armstrong 1988
'New York Times' continues to perpetuate the myth that Detroit is an awesome place for artists | Blogs | Detroit Metro Times
The 'B.S. Report' With Katie Nolan | Grantland Studio - YouTube
TIL about Bacon's Rebellion. The alliance between former indentured servants and Africans against bond-servitude disturbed the ruling class, who responded by hardening the racial caste of slavery.
How I Escaped Becoming Dylann Roof - The Daily Beast
Somebody make this, please.
Kefir is pretty easy to make, too.  It's drinkable.  I nuke the milk to temperatue.  Dumb some kefir in and wait.  It's pretty forgiving, too.
realized it's beneath him  He does have a snobbishness to him.  He also talks down to his audience.
It sounds like a laugh track/canned laughter.  I think people might be getting had on this.
Ban me from this sub.  I'm not a woman, therefore my perspective doesn't matter nor should I be allowed to post anything here.  Yay censorship in lieu of dialogue.    Cheers
I get it.  Most people seem to understand how social media works.    The person who hipped me to the highlight reel narrative was a married woman years ago.  There's also drama, tragedy, first world complaints....  People complain about the weather, traffic, their partners, raising kids.  I think it's morphing into a more complete real world view.    If you sign up to get married and cheat, you're simply a person of low moral character regardless of society or social media.  Even money he had all the cues that she was like this but chose to ignore them.
"You know, the $20-per-month artist-owned streaming music site offering high-fidelity audio and exclusive video clips to gullible starfuckers that was unveiled in a gaudy, live-streamed circle jerk wherein a murderers row of multimillionaire artistsJay Z, Beyonc, Rihanna, Madonna, Jack White, Daft Punk, Kanye West, etc.proclaimed they were out to forever change the course of music history before signing a declaration of independence. All in all it was a ridiculous, wildly out of touch spectacle. "
Yeah, it was clean.  The RB didn't pick up the blitz.  Once you get a concussion you get them easier and easier.  He probably took way worse hits than that throughout his career.  http://www.theonion.com/articles/steve-young-suffers-concussion-attempting-to-expla,29683/