Maybe you didn't ask nicely enough.
Most the true NBA fans I know revere the Spurs.  Same here. The Spurs may not be their favorite team, but they respect us. And about the "boring" part the OP mentioned, we've always been low key compared to the other superstars. But that's how we do things.
We've got this, guys. Till next time!  Edit: Timmy IS the man.
...Manu one has become my new phone background/favorite picture ever  That's exactly what I am going to do. If I can upvote this post a gazillion times, I would!
Theon...hahaha. Love me my sausages, but I don't think I can eat this item if I were at your party.
"There are so many horrible writers trying to make a go at freelancing that all you really need is 1 decent piece and someone will hire you for 10 bucks."  Indeed, and there are even sites which have levels for writers. X amount for 'poor writing', XX amount for 'good enough writing', etc. I don't remember what site this was, but when I saw it some months back, I was appalled.  The market is that bad, that yes, you can earn as a "writer" even if you can't write.
Cut their paychecks and take away their healthcare! The GOPs insane plan to woo women in 2016
Guide to dogs of the world
Lucky you.
Holy crap! Was he in the womb for 2 years?
I've heard this a lot of times about the movie. I haven't seen it, so I guess when I do, I won't expect anything.
Good for you! (Says envious me.)
Everything you said, but for me, mainly because if I don't believe that everything is going to be okay, it will only be a downward spiral - and a fast one. I have to believe that it will be okay one way or another; and for some reason, that keeps me going. I don't know if that makes sense for you, but I hope it does.
Oldie, but still one of the best articles on Comic Sans: http://buff.ly/1y8IN7c
A lot of people are making jokes, but this is pretty serious news. He has worked with many child actors and has a long list of credits according to imdb. This is going to shock and hurt a lot of people...  Yup. Even though it was "just" a character he was playing in 7th Heaven, that show was a huge thing for me as a child, and hearing this sort of thing is rather awful.
WiiMotes That Could Be, WiiMotes That SHOULD Be - Xena+Wolverine+MacGyver. Awesome!