You love Jackie Chan's movie? What about Donnie Yen and Jet Li then? But seriously, Jackie Chan's action movies are excellent!!
But you still can't do your own things since you are hiding from your father. You stay out late to do your own things? And when you are back what will your father do? He must know you stay out late and leave early on purpose.
I think this cake will be good to your brother but I don't think I would eat it. It''s a little bit horrible. How did you get the idea of the design of this cake?
I haven't got such a problem. I think when you are trying to recommend a movie to someone you first should make sure that he /she has the same interests as you so that they will enjoy the movie you ask them to watch. Otherwise, you may find them don't care much as you.
Definitely!!They end up movies with this kind of scenes, saying that it is the way that they leave a space for us to imagine what will happen next and it makes many scenes followed possible. They think it as good while I think it is very disturbing and annoying.
The characters in the animated movie are designed but not real. Most of them can be divided into two groups, one is the optimistic and kind people while the other is the pessimistic and evil people. we can find people to act as evil one easily but to find out who is qualified to play the optimistic and kind one will be a big problem.
Word of mouth effect, which make this movie become more popular.
Just keep going and I believe you can!:)
You are so lucky to have this happy life. I believe that this is the dream of all people but very few of them can realize this dream. So you are lucky!
And people's mutual understanding will lead to the solutions of war, famine and other damages. In fact, if people can think more for others, it is not hard to realize this dream.
Taking over the world may seem cool, but I don't think it will be fun. From the perspective of human beings, you have so many responsibilities and you should consider so many things for human beings, too. But I believe you will be the machine king one day. Try to make machines that will help us at that time.
I really love the natural thinks and the photo with trees, clouds and lakes in it. This photo is amazing!!
It's so cute and lovely. BTW, I think it looks more like a dinosaur than a dragon.
Oh! It takes time for me to figure out there were actually two person! I thought they were mother and son showing up at Obama's two speeches at first. But I found Mr. Obama's suit was the same and the people around were the same,too. These two pictures are actually interesting.
Anyone like The Vampires Dairies?
you mean you will watch them again and again?