" I do agree with you that the public has every right to disagree with it if they so choose. Just like it is the comedian's right to continue with his comedy, and If public opinion is strong enough and oppose him he/she will stop."  This is exactly the process that this article is a part of. Public opinion grows through discussion. Which is what this article is.    Free speech and Free markets censor things all of the time.
There is a difference between government and societal censorship. You are constantly a part of the latter.  Are you saying that there is no cause for comedic minstrel shows to be shunned by audiences? Comedy should tackle these topics and not be afraid of them, but society should discourage works which continue damaging stereotypes.
Yeah, Keanu's 47 ronin existing on a top 10 samurai list is pretty upsetting.   I haven't seen it myself but Kon Ichigawa's 47 Ronin is a fairly well regarded telling of the same story.   I do have a soft spot for Last Samurai, but its not top 10 material. Ninja scroll and 13 Assassins are pretty cool. As is the original 13 Assassins by Eiichi Kudo, and two companion films "The Great Killing" and "11 Samurai"  I've watched too many samurai movies.
The editing and fight choreography have always been pretty sloppy in the trilogy.   TDK is definitely the most "real" of the three, but it still has things like the silly bullet forensics. Begins is not particularly grounded in comparison.  I'm glad you still like it though.
I wouldnt call Scarlet Witch a lead either.  It's hard to say about upcomming movies.   I love the marvel movies, nor do I find them to be particularly sexist, but it is disingenuous to imply that they are giving their female characters the same attention as the males.
The Long Good Friday
Like a...a short....film!
She looked a little stormy
Thank you,  It does bug me that he cites "too dark" as his reason for distancing himself from Temple. When I think it is more likely the other, like you said. the movie is just a case of Spielberg sticking a bit too close for comfort to the adventure serials he loves so much without finding a way to subvert or update their more questionable tropes for modern sensibilities.
Wes Anderson  Organized Crime film.
Tin Tin 2
I didn't make this,  just found it in the youtubes
Boba kills Luke
Hitler
Christmas albums are always a bummer
Drive inspired edit of Star wars prequels