My band covered Halloweenhead in honor of the holiday, hope you like it.
FYI, it's pretty easy to get free, legal, ongoing Hulu Plus   Since a lot of the good stuff on Hulu is behind the Plus wall, I thought I'd share how I get my subscription for free. You can get ongoing access to Hulu Plus with the Bing Rewards program: you open an account, and you get points for every Bing search you do, up to about 15 points per day usually. By the end of a month that's enough for a free month of Hulu Plus, and if you do it regularly then you'll get it for even less, leaving you with leftover points and enabling you to stack months on top of each other. Search the weather in every city, search random keystrokes, "switch to bing" if you're so inclined, doesn't matter. [We both get 200 bonus points \(almost half a month of use\) if you use my referral link during February and get to silver status](http://www.bing.com/explore/rewards?PUBL=REFERAFRIEND CREA=RAW rrid=_bd8da2a4-18ec-59ff-95e3-93e7b8bca8ab), so that's an option if you'd like. Either way, it's a pretty simple way to get access to a lot of great film and television completely free.
I imagine  There's the rub.  Seriously though, there were no weapons capable of mass-killing in that time, and it's disingenuous to pretend hypothetical modern advanced weaponry ever crossed the minds of our founding fathers in this context. If you're actually interested in a good faith reading of what their intentions were--and it is pretty clear--simply read the ammendment itself: "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed."
I'm not sure where I'm going here  Yeah, there's the rub. You're attributing the jokes to racism and anti-drug sentiment, you then provide a list of counter-examples to your own unsupported premise, lose the plot and call everybody hypocrites.  I don't hate Lil' Wayne, I clearly don't wish death on him, I don't much admire him either, whatever. If that "lil' seizey" crack is what's got you bothered, then get over it, it's a joke about a pop star on Reddit. If you were looking to gush about Tha Carter II and III and the Dedication mixtapes with other casual fans who have listened to everything Wayne ever did, then bummer dude, it was jokes this time.  Honestly, I'd much rather see a Modest Mouse repost every once in awhile than these whiny self-righteous teenager "disappointed" posts.
Thanks!
Come on now. It's 100% possible to have a principled vote based on policy stance parallel to appreciation of a very unique and sincere display of presidential emotion--this man has literally put up with more bullshit than anyone in the world over the last four years, and it's gratifying to see that he's still committed to the stuff I believe in. If you want to write off 61170405 votes as "pshhh guess they're all just *in love with him*," then that's your business, but it seems like a bizarre and sweeping generalization with no supported link to liberal values.
Ah.
Das ist sehr gut! Ja! Glcklich! Ein Dner bitte!
Fair enough, though I think that the fact that they had no expertise was pretty much the point. It's one isolated incident, and it's then left to us to critically examine whether or not similar propagation of trendy bullshit is happening elsewhere. My personal distaste for the anti-science strains of postmodernism notwithstanding, I think that it's always worthwhile to be reminded that reason and substance *should* trump authority and fashion, even if that's not always the case in popular thought.
No, Egodeath, I don't. I was trying to figure out why you were running an annoying joke predicated on your unsupported sense of superiority into the ground, and I figured that in the absence of any approval from those seeking discussion here, you might have a private audience of people who favor pointless snark over interpersonal engagement--turns out it's just you, super. I believe that's called "trolling," right?  Predicated: founded or based on.
Also honest, I think it's amazing. It punches me in the face and makes me want to live and fall and love and build things and fail and hug everything.
Yeah, I came here to bitch about how this sort of thing isn't going to further sensible dialog in any way.  Then I looked at the picture, and it's pretty uncanny. I even got an awkward shock chuckle out of it.
great call listing those two subreddits, they really ought to be linked in the sidebar!  On downvotes, I feel like perhaps you're making two different defenses here: first that r/atheism transcends downvoterism, then that maybe it suffers from downvoterism but that's not r/atheism's fault. As a regular reader and occasional commenter, I feel the latter is far more accurate, but that's just my opinion.  There is also the fact that pretty obvious/tired jokes and links get a whole lot of love, but that is of course subjective and again not unique to r/atheism. reddit is a circlejerk, really.
Out of touch with wider cinema culture and how it reflects what what happened artistically and commercially in 2010, out of touch with what will be remembered from this year, out of touch with a number of very good films--some better than those included on the list--because limited or non-existent release was a prerequisite. And that's what bothers me, Winkyburger, when this form of art that I love is co-opted by people more concerned with exclusivity than quality.  And honestly, not trying to be a jerk, but I really don't know what are you arguing at this point. Are you saying that this list *is* a perfect expression of what happened in film 2010? Are you saying that it's not but we should pretend that it is? Please clarify.
appreciate the comments--i was strictly editor on this, but you make some good points. i'll be sure to bring that to next project i'm behind camera.
i didn't mean to ignore it, and i think your assumption is probably justified: when people talk about disliking black people, it's reasonable to assume they're working with the same negative stereotypes you associate with the word "nigger." my only point was that the girlfriend's prejudice and the use of the word "nigger" are both based in the same ugly stereotypes, and that the connection is symptomatic of how we're conditioned to associate these things racially--and i do think that in keeping the label "nigger," we to some extent perpetuate that conception of racial stereotypes.  i hope i've not been inappropriately confrontational, by the way; i do understand that you're fundamentally arguing for evaluating people on their individual merits. your original post invited logical debate, and i'm glad you were up for it.  *edited promptly for spelling and grammar