Are you stupid? OP was only going to text the italicized portion of the post. No one would text the whole entire thing. The non-italicized part is only further elaborating what OP mentioned in italics.
I completely agree with your message! Anime is really beautiful and it often does teach its viewers valuable themes and lessons. I hate it when people just brush it off as a typical "cartoon" when it really isn't. Anime can have the same impact as a good book, movie, or T.V show.   As for the anime you listed, I enjoyed all of them. Toradora was also the first romance drama anime I've seen and although it's been over 3 years since I've last seen it, I still remember the story quite vividly. Clannad was alright for me, it didn't have as much of a lasting impact as Toradora or Anohana did but I also really enjoyed the second season. As for Shigatsu Wa Kimi No Uso, it was a great anime but it's not one of my favorites. I felt the story was a bit slow at the start and it really started picking up after Kaori was sent to the hospital. I can also kinda relate to what the main characters felt and the pressure of performing on stage since I, too, used to play the violin semi-competitively.   For me, the anime that impacted me the most is Welcome to the NHK. I definitely recommend it to anyone who's going through rough times (depression, stress, anxiety). The thing I like the most about it is how accurately it depicts depression and other mental illnesses. It also incorporates several genres such as slice of life, romance, comedy yet sometimes it turns really really bleak, depressing, dark, and psychological. Overall, I highly recommend it to you. I think you will like it and I hope you will watch it sometime soon!
[You don't want to see any pics because /u/Occasionally_Girly is actually a guy](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/3d0h0g/whats_the_worst_compliment_you_have_ever_recieved/ct0oabi?context=3)
Welcome to the NHK!
Glad you like it! EDM is actually a pretty big genre itself. In it there is subgenres like Progressive House, Dubstep, Trance, etc. If you really liked Sad Machine you should try out some of Porter Robinson's other songs: Lionhearted, Divinity, Years of War. I'm trying to think of other artists like him but I'm kind of drawing a blank at the moment.
/r/incest
Thanks for posting this! As someone who has been in deep depression (and still in the midst of it), everything that you mentioned is true. There are times when I just feel worthless, guilty, and lonely. There are times when I want to just break down and cry. There are times when I just wanted to end it all, slowly vanish and disappear away from this world. However, despite all these challenges, it is posts like these that makes me feel better, knowing someone out there is there for me at the end of the day :)
1. I remember watching the very first episode of HxH 2011 a few years ago, I didn't like it all that much so I put it aside. Fast forward to two months ago, I decided to restart it and I LOVED IT! My love for HxH particularly started around episode 3 when they started the actual first phase of the Hunter Exam. 2. The first episode may be a bit "underwhelming" and a bit like the typical shounen cliche especially with how Gon and his dream of becoming a hunter reminded me of Naruto's dream of becoming a Hokage lol. Then when the actual phases of the Hunter Exam started it was awesome and definitely not underwhelming anymore. 3. Shounen is probably my favorite genre or a close second since I also like Romance/Slice of Life animes too. HxH, I feel is an exception from most Shounen animes I've seen. The storytelling for one is much more fluent than the storytelling of other shounens. Also in HxH there isn't one character that seemed incredibly overpowered and strong like Goku in DBZ. (Maybe Mereum but Netero helped balanced it). 4. I found this show simply by scrolling through a list of popular animes on Crunchyroll.
But if I recalled the drop rate for the badge's weren't very high and also don't you need 100 dark crystals to make one set of balanced furies? Oh and what server are you on? If it isn't too troubling for you can you help assist me in making one set :D?
Kamina from Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann. Bulat and Sheele from Akame Ga Kill. Kana and the mother's death from Parasyte. And many other surprise sudden deaths in the animes I've seen.
Oh shit....
I couldn't agree more with you. My mother and father have always used an extremely authoritative/restrictive child rearing practice. I was not allowed to have friends over, go to a friends house, and at times I wasn't even allowed to go outside. My mother also has an anger management issue. If she found me doing anything not education related she would flip out and cuss while throwing furniture at me. My dad tried to understand things from my point of view but at the end of the day he just sides with my mom. Because of this, I never really had too many friends, only a few close ones that really help me. While its not direct, when or if I ever have children I've made a vow to myself I would not put them in any form of abuse and restriction my parents have put me in.
Wow! You're one of the few people I know who actually have a plan on what they're gonna do in college. I still haven't fully decided. At the moment, I could swing either way or maybe even major in something completely different. For the most part I haven't really thought much about college as I'm still caught in the midst of SAT's and trying to maintain my GPA. The amount of stress in Junior year is ridiculous.
Good point. :)
DAMN! Add me on steam: theguyhiding. I sorta got the hang of it today when i played a match with a friend but I still don't know like advanced tactics or strategies. I like to play as Wu Zetian.
Add me. Theguyhiding is my username on steam