Right you are. :)  The way I worded it is slightly off from the original - it was how Jack Nicholson's character quoted it in The Departed, where I was remembering it from.
Thanks for that. Exactly what I've been thinking every time I go back to this.   I noticed you've got a track up too. I'll check it out in a bit!
Hey, guys. I'm the original artist behind the picture. I'm still building a website to put my full portfolio, so I don't exactly have one yet, but you can check out my [Instagram](http://instagram.com/maazcon) for now.   I didn't realize this was getting posted in other subreddits until now. It's awesome to see it get this much feedback. I'll be back with more. Thank you guys!
The Airstrike, Digital Media, [1353 x 2048]
Godzilla: The Cinematography of Seamus McGarvey - DIY Photography
I'm with you on that. As much as I'll criticize that movie, The Lost World is an irreversible staple in my childhood. I just watched it again a few weeks ago after finishing the book, and I still love it.   The movie's got its glaring flaws, but it doesn't mean we can't enjoy it for what it is. That scene with Julian Moore was pure classic Spielberg. From all the summer movies that come out these days, I found myself appreciating scenes like that a lot more.
"Now I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds." - Bhagavad Gita [2726 x 1536]
It'd be awesome if you guys put up screenshots of what they look like on your phone, by the way. I love the fact that other people out there like my work enough to want to keep it as a background. I'll have more for you guys soon!
In their defense, the song 'Iridescent' was completely fucked over after they remixed it for the movie. It ruins the buildup of an otherwise good song with decent lyrics with the same shitty pop beat layered over the entire thing. [Here's](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpt7RJUGpdE) the actual song if anyone wants to try it out.
...Well, fuck you too!
See post taking off for Karmastan.  Think of something clever to board flight.  Think nothing Bear pun
Wait for it.
I may not listen to All Time Low, but my younger brother happens to be one of their biggest fans, and he's always been the one to pick up after the shit his friends do, and look after his friends because of the stupid stuff that they do. He's the one who makes sure our family stays sane in times of tension, and he's always been there for anyone he loves. My brother is 16 years old, and I can already see more balls in him than I can see in you, if I was even to be given an entire biography on your predictably sad life. I'm willing to bet on that.   Don't bring your useless throwaway account into this community and attempt to be a Negative Nancy to people who have a taste in music that you don't like. Don't attack someone on a personal level because they're different from you and have not done a single thing to you in their life. People like you make me sick.
So like I said, being a muslim and not knowing much about its background and logic caused me to look back at religion as a whole, and atheism as well.  I'd find time to try and learn different things and see what I fit with. For example, at a hotel I tried checking out the Bible, which resulted with me stopping after two pages of Genesis.   As for Islam, I went back and read it's history, read the Qur'an in the many translations I could find. I read annotations, philosophies, and the writings of Islamic scholars. In the end, after choosing that God is real to me, Islam made the most sense for it. I'll answer any questions of the religion itself if you want to go into details.  One big thing, though, was the fact that Islam let me keep my belief in evolution. I was reassured by the fact that Islam was parallel to scientific facts and encouraged studying life straight from the Qur'an itself.
Haha, thanks! :)
I completely do. This guy's a great man and I'm glad he's getting attention. All I'm saying is he should have gotten it earlier. Before all this.