Community, Parks and Recreation, The Americans, Homeland, Shameless, Better Call Saul, House of Cards, Orange is the New Black, Brooklyn Nine-Nine, Silicon Valley, Broad City, Workaholics, It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, The Comedians, Daredevil, Tyrant, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, The Walking Dead, Ray Donovan, Masters of Sex, True Detective, and Mad Men  Damn, I watch too much TV. That's not even everything I watch, that's just the top tier stuff
Yea, it's not as good as season 1 but I knew before I even starting watching that it wouldn't be because season 1 was one of the most entertaining seasons of a show I've ever seen.    This season has been different, it's a little slower but I've quite enjoyed it. The acting/cast is superb and the story has a slow unraveling.   It's intriguing and interesting each week but it's held down by expectations from it's superior first season. Let go of that and it's a really good season of tv
I think, if the movie is as good as it looks, that it will have a very positive effect on his legacy. But, I also don't believe that his current legacy is "complicated". He is the creator of Bad Robot which has produced tons of great TV shows and movies. He is the creator of Lost, Alias, and other huge shows. He brought back the Mission Impossible franchise with 2 great movies and the same with Star Trek. All well received. And his original movies have been shrouded with secrecy that is unheard of in this day and age which people enjoy. Yea, he uses lens flares a lot but that's his thing and he likes it. As for borrowing other directors styles, most everybody does that. Even some of our favorite directors have influences of their own. But specifically calling out him borrowing from Spielberg on Super 8 is funny considering Steven Spielberg produced the movie.   tl;dr JJ Abrams is already pretty well beloved but if Star Wars is good, his legacy will be solidified as gold.
Well said and I agree with you there.
We never actually saw a working Skynet headquarters other than in Salvation. The terminators are a product of Skynet which is the main software. So it having a "face and name" is logical to control everything. It could have been text too but it's easier for the audience.   Yes, it was a T800 but it was also the first T800 and John had already fought more advanced ones. They learned each time and became more advanced. And is not as if the T-800 ever took a beating or got beat. Also, that was only the first attempt to catch John Connor. All of the other attempts are technically in Skynet's future.
It focuses on it as much as Sorcerer's stone Prisoner of Azkaban, and the Order of the Phoenix. It's the beginning of that storyline. The entire movie doesn't focus on it but a decent portion is spent on it.  Yes, the battle was protecting the castle. So was the battle of Hogwarts. It gave more to the final battle not showing it. Snape is a Death Eater. And no one knew that it would be Snape to finally kill him except Dumbledore. The death eaters notoriously travel in packs. If anything, they were there to make sure Draco didn't mess up and to actually see Dumbledore die. Even in the book, there was no guarantee of a battle. It's not as if the Death Eaters came just because they knew a battle would happen. By that logic, there should have been a battle in GOF and OotP.
You got that right about Shirley and Pierce, haha. Troy also was my favorite character but I guess the amazing episodes that followed his departure made me forget a little.   I personally love how Frankie fit into the group. She found her own place and kind of took a leadership role. But still found herself trying to please the group with things their friends who left might do.   Elroy also was great because throughout the entire season he had one foot in the study group and one out and also understood that. They never hid that or tried to make it something it wasn't. He had some really great moments and even though he was reluctant to be in the group, they treating him as an equal and fit in.   It can be different but have the same feel and writing. The group dynamic changes as does storylines, characters, etc. But Greendale is still there, the cast from the other seasons, and most importantly the writing and Dan Harmon's sense of humor.
I saw it a couple weeks ago, if you liked the show (especially seasons in 1-5 like I did) then you will enjoy the movie. It's a lot of fun and holds up to the series. It's better than the last few seasons. It's not perfect but it's very entertaining and has a pretty good story. It's back to the best part of the show, the behind the scenes of making movies in Hollywood. People will be happy to know it's very Ari centric as well which is great
No problem!
That just puts a big smile on my face, haha!
Ha, yea
/r/MadMax
I saw the movie and thought it was okay. The cast was great, the Cinematography was great, the action sequences were far too many but decent, the plot was lacking, and mostly it was just plain weird. It was entertaining for sure, and I'll probably get downvoted for this since everyone around thinks it's the greatest movie ever, but to me it wasn't.   Before you come at me hard, I didn't say it sucked and I know I'm in the minority.
I also am not going to see it because I never saw the originals and this movie didn't pique my interests but let everybody else have their fun.
Yea, a bunch are core apps and pre-installed ones that you can't remove. Then I have pretty much every streaming app (Netflix, Hulu, Yahoo Screen, Flixster, Chromecast,  etc).   But some of my favorites are Twee (for tracking the TV shows you watch. It has an awesome widget that tells you what shows are on what days), Paperboy (RSS/Feedly reader for news articles, best one I've found), obviously Baconreader for Reddit, SwiftKey Keyboard, Google Keep for Notes, and Popup Widget (let's you add the normal icon for an app to your home screen but when you tap it, it opens up the widget for that app as a pop up, really cool and great space saver on your home screen)
Just wasn't on my mind anymore because you were so unimportant. You don't even piss me off, you are just a nat that won't go away is all. You also base my taste in movies off of one movie, wow. And just to shut your trolling down, this is my last post in the thread.