dangerous to who? corporate interests
Damn, Im Enver-ous of you  heheh he  ....  *goes into corner*
I guess the 7.5% makes a pretty damn big difference then lol  One of which was the Iraq War vote
And Pinochet
So comparing one unelected individual to another is absurd.
And a militia protecting shias (why they were created in the 80's) is bad why?  Christians aren't persecuted in their strongholds. If you are going to support protection for one religious group and not another..  http://www.csmonitor.com/World/Middle-East/2012/1221/In-Hezbollah-stronghold-Lebanese-Christians-find-respect-stability  http://www.ibtimes.com/christians-threatened-isis-lebanon-turn-hezbollah-help-1889610  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/01/09/nasrallah-cartoons_n_6443530.html  http://www.christianpost.com/news/they-accept-us-as-we-are-christians-join-forces-with-muslim-group-hezbollah-to-fight-isis-in-lebanon-138975/
Those horrible Norwegian Marxist murderers!
Here is how  Saddam Hussein was a horrible dictator, but he was secular and led a stable government. He was also sunni in a majority shia nation. When the US entered into Iraq and began indiscriminately blowing up everything and then set up a shia dominated government, the pissed off young people that just were target practice to Americans were radicalized by Al-Qaeda, and began to hate the shia's for collaborating with the Americans. The former Al-Qaeda In Iraq would rebrand itself and enter into Syria. Before America knew what ISIS would become, they funded it to take down Assad. This blew up in their face, and the rest is history. Not saying what they are doing is right, but America is certainly as fuck not innocent.   Also, name checks out, why are you supporting a goon for president
I think it sounds similar to "euro"
China has a lot to gain by keeping NK safe, as much as they dont like them, mainly the fact that they dont want to deal with a massive refugee crisis
##Weird Way To Spell Island New Brunswick!
##Alberta Is best Canada
Nothing.  The time was reaching 11:59  We all celebrated, champagne was passed around. It was like new years. Finally for the first time in 14 years no terrorist attack. We remembered the 2006 bombing of the New York Grand Central, the Assassination of the grandfather of liberty in 2007, and our current protector Dick Cheney's ascension after that. But most importantly we remembered the nuclear attack on Los Angeles in 2014, the final straw.  My girlfriend kissed me, and we heard a loud rocking noise from our room. We sighed and laughed. The clock hit 12:00, and for the first time since 2001 the United States of America had been finished.  I looked outside over at the neighbors house. They must be celebrating too. My old neighbor Ali used to live there. We used to watch the games together, and our kids would play together He is no longer our neighbor anymore. Not that I miss him or anything.  It was for the greater good.
The pay is shit, having to respond to idiots all the time, I demand a larger salary  (strikes)  Maybe the troll factory will get pissed off that the 11 year old russians and americans are doing it for free and throw computers into the stret and riot like france for Uber
Your Initiation is Complete
Vermont into independence again!