Yes.
Woo! Congrats as well!
Yes, but for fun, let's propose some alternative hypotheses.  1) Rose has more defined hair in the first scene than the other two is because they wanted to make her look younger in the later scenes.  2) In the top right shot, this is during a motion frame, while all the others are during (near) static frames. Motion frames tend to have less details.  3) There are some differences in lighting, and also in distance to the camera.
I've been using the undergrad rates as a rough guideline for lack of better information.  Don't, it's useless. You won't find any of that info online. It depends on how many and which advisors may be looking for new students which depends on how well funded they are recently and also the preferences of labs and programs for cohort size and various departmental and institutional factors and also how well-known the institution and more importantly the program are and also how popular a particular field is at the moment. Sometimes programs are looking to expand, sometimes they have had recent hires who need grad students, sometimes they've had a change in chair or director of graduate studies, sometimes they're being squeezed by administration, sometimes they've had faculty who've left, sometimes they want to make up for low matriculation in the previous year, sometimes they want to make fewer offers because matriculation the previous year was high. The variance is large.
Meh, don't lose your head over this.
Same, episode 1 did nothing for me until I revisited it later. Episode 2 was when we really got an idea of the *heart* of the show and the feeling that this show is gonna be different from other shows: we get Greg's relationship with Steven, the first hints of Rose Quartz in terms of her relationship to the characters on the show, a fight that was (unlike Cookie Cat) really showed that the show isn't another monster-of-the-week show, and it does so by the juxtaposition with one of the better songs which happens to a *love* song. The moment that got me was the wonderful animation of the oscillating telephone lines under the influence of the Red Eye's gravity as Let Me Drive My Van is playing and that *lighting and color pallette*. Sucker for smooth animation.
Death.
Ultraporn.
When you keep other species in captivity, their life expectancy also improves, yet they never go through anything analogous to menopause, they never stop being able to reproduce. This begs the question, why does this happen in humans? I can not conceive of a reason why females genetically should have a timer which starts at menarche and ends at menopause. Your suggestion that it coincides with life expectancy is a correlation, and doesn't suggest a causal mechanism for why humans are quite different from other mammals. The high prevalence of cancer in human populations is *also* a consequence of us now having a very long lifespan--with age comes more time for a probabilistic failure in cell regulation systems. Yet this is not what we see in menopause. Menopause is not a probabilistic failure of biological systems which grows more probable with age. It is a universal event in females, that happens consistently around the same time.  My other point is to reiterate what was said by the other redditor. Life expectancy statistics doesn't say much of anything about the proportion of the population which lives to old age. It's just mean age, and is primarily skewed downwards by infant mortality.
If we follow the scientific method, we would look at this hypothesized model, and look at what predictions does this model make about what we should see in the real world. One such prediction would be aboue the parallax of stars, since they would all be on the same spherical surface. Stars near each other would, by parallax, be similar distances from the Earth. We know this is not the case, from countless astronomical measurements. There's no spherical surface that can be interpolated through the distances to stars or galaxies we measure based on parallax (and other methods).
Uh, except that the "thrifty gene hypothesis" has been criticized and simply does not have much support in the literature, and your second paragraph sounds overly adaptationist without supporting evidence (which I think is still a big problem with evolutionary psychology as a discipline). And, it's not a "caveman" adaptation: we know hunter-gatherers were/are less prone to famine than agriculturalists, which is contrary to your explanation. Moreover, I don't buy your explanation because it lacks a conceptual link between the proximal causes (physiological, neurological, hormonal) and the ultimate (evolutionary) causes of exercise fatigue. Lastly, it does not explain why endorphins are released during exercise at all--if your explanation was correct, then there would be selective forces against endorphin release during exercise. Edit: Also, I bet other mammals if not other vertebrates also experience both muscle fatigue and endorphin high, which is a real nail in your explanation's coffin, since these physiological responses must have predated modern humans by a long long time. It's also contrary to the high prevalence of play in many mammal species, which is an energetically expensive activity.  I'll offer an alternative hypothesis, based on WebMD. I think it's at least as plausible as your explanation, if not more so, though I'm not aware of the literature: http://www.webmd.com/depression/guide/exercise-depression  During prolonged aerobic exercise, your body may not get as much oxygen as it needs, and will supply some of your energetic needs through anaerobic respiration. This creates lactic acid, which causes fatigue and pain in your muscles, allowing you to consciously register that your body is reaching a point where it's not getting its oxygen needs. At the same time, exercise also releases endorphins (and other hormones), which act as both a painkiller and sedative to allow you to persist if you need to continue a flight-or-fight response. Once you stop exercising, your body removes lactic acid quickly but the endorphins persist for longer, leaving you with a post-exercise high. There's nothing adaptive about muscle fatigue (contrary to your thrifty-genotype explanation), it's instead a negative consequence (an evolutionary trade-off) of adapting to being able to switch to anaerobic lactic acid metabolism when your body requires extra energy; I'm not aware of the physiological pathways from exercise to endorphin release, but it is possible that endorphin release during exercise is adaptive as a painkiller Edit: Also, a reward for play. People who exercise regularly train both body and mind to adapt in favor of increasing O2 capacity, reducing lactic acid production, and mentally craving the endorphin high while also mentally resisting the feeling of pain; basically, acclimation and phenotypic plasticity.  tl;dr: The lie is not the fatigue. Your muscles truly are being taxed (which is simply a consequence of the limits of aerobic respiration). The lie is the painkilling and sedative effects of endorphin release allowing you to push your muscles past their limits so that you can consciously resist the truth of muscle fatigue (which is healthy given modern nutrition, but would not be if you were not replenishing your nutrient stores).
No one I know did. But it would be interesting to hear your perspective (well, more interesting for the OP).
ELI5: It's a drippy unsatisfying mess. What's the proper way to eat the bottom of a Chipotle burrito?
I don't think any of these other posters are addressing what it seems to you're actually asking, which is the statistical breakdown of biology into subdisciplines. The best proxy I have found for this is Academia.edu--when you search for research interests, it gives you a number for the how many other people have use the same keywords. These are self-identified research interest designations. I have no idea of the biases (for example, do they actually study what they self-identify as interested in; are shorter phrases more likely to be chosen; things like "environmental sustainability" and other interests that aren't necessarily indicative of research would be biased upwards), but I think it should be better than trying to get at the same info using Google Scholar Author search, and more representative and easier to get than the breakdown of all faculty or awarded PhD's in say the US.  Here's a sample of keywords:  Biology: 316575  Ecology: 185391  Biotechnology: 115764  Molecular Biology: 102286  Conservation Biology: 100316  Bioinformatics: 78557  Biochemistry: 75764  Environmental Science: 70252  Neuroscience: 58034  Genetics: 28931  Immunology: 23458  Epidemiology: 21650  Cancer: 20452  Evolution: 18903  Biogeography: 14544  Fish Biology: 15378  Marine Biology: 15228  Genomics: 13039  Cell Biology: 10457  Population Genetics: 7946  Behavioral Sciences: 7147  Computational Biology: 6887  Biophysics: 6331  Phylogenetics: 5272  Developmental Biology: 2337  Lumping in things like population genetics and phylogenetics with evolution, it does seem that compared to fields like ecology, molecular biology, biochemistry, and bioinformatics, and neuroscience, it's less commonly a central focus of people's research. But these are obviously skeptical statistics. Could it be that "evolution" is so obvious as an interest to biologists that people just don't list it--still, someone who primarily identifies as an "evolutionary biologist" would probably list it. Why is comp bio so much lower than bioinformatics, or cell bio so far behind molecular bio? Is ecology really that high? It's hard to make conclusions here, but I think this gives a good first approximation. The ratio of evolution/biology is about 6%, which is similar to your figure.  To speculate on why this might be the case, most of the big subdisciplines are very directly health related--remember that the NIH research budget is huge compared to the NSF. There's more money, and therefore more active research, in biology the relates to health and that which is profitable. Other keywords are large because they are recent buzzwords (bioinformatics, genomics). Ecology surprises me for being as large as it is--maybe it includes many who are only tangentionally interested in ecology and conservation because of the very present environmental threats, and due to environmental activism.
The one that gets me is "Where are you from?"  "The Mid-West"  "Lol, well, you know what I *meant* by "where are you from?"  Yes. Fuck off.
That's kinda unfair, she learns the ability to see remotely, and that she that her energybending powers is basically limitless.  I will admit I am disappointed we didn't get to see the fire nation, but it's whatever.