Footage of US military officials force feeding a Guantanamo Bay detainee could soon be public. That's according to two rulings by a federal judge, the latest on Friday, ordering the US government to hurry up and redact the faces and voices of prison staff.
At least 23 people, among them a child, were killed in government raids on the Islamic State group-held town of Al-Bab in northern Syria on Monday, a monitor said.
Islamic State attack in northeast Syria reported to displace 60,000 - U.N.
Thousands of Guinea malaria cases go untreated amid Ebola fears
Worse news for the refugees, I should think.  The developed world is facing a population crunch. They're going to have to either accept more refugees and immigrants or watch as their numbers dwindle into irrelevancy.  They're reluctant to do the former because they're worried about the new demographics, but the latter isn't actually a viable plan.
We certainly can't if your response to people who disagree with you is "oh, I think you're lying, welp, best stop talking about it!"  Drives me batty when people throw these things out like we'll all agree, and then refuse to engage with people who don't.  The difference between you and me is *I know people who grew up in households headed by same-sex couples*. I also know people who were raised by grandparents, or by their aunts and uncles, and I know people who were raised in foster care. That last group is the only one that spends much time worrying they would have had a better childhood had they been raised differently, because *any* permanent family would have been better than being shuffled around.   I don't need to resort to hypotheticals, because I have observation on my side.
Most of the planet is oceans. Most rain eventually hits an ocean - not land. Once it hits the ocean, it mixes with the salt water there and becomes salty. You can't drink salt water. You can't irrigate your crops with salt water.
On the one hand, you have to feel sorry for Sebastian. He ate his Aunt Edna, and he was clearly *really* broken up about it.  On the *other* hand, dude could stand to develop some introspection. Liv didn't do this to you, YOU did this to you with your creepy blood licking, you jerkface! Contract killing is one thing, but that is just *gross*.  Well, I don't suppose it's a profession that benefits from too much naval gazing.  Also: Band chick is an idiot. Irredeemably stupid.  Also: Major is also an idiot. Irredeemably stupid. Cute, and sweet, and dumber than the proverbial box of rocks. I'm not sure cute and sweet is enough to explain why Liv hooked up with him in the first place. Is he, like, really great in the sack?  Also also: Clive isn't stupid. He's going to figure out that something's up, sooner or later.
You know, I never got that episode. I mean, if you accept the premises it's a great ep, but the premises don't make any sense.  Crazy cult leader talks about how "we have more supporters than you think", and indeed, *somebody* (who didn't deign to travel with them) invented that device. (And a different group of people with broadly similar aims sabotaged Risa that time - really, I'd love to have seen Star Trek tackle its malcontents more.)  There must be billions and billions of humans in the Federation, and god knows how many other biologically compatible (you know, fertility-wise) species. Even if her actual number of supporters was a ludicrously low percentage, she surely could have gotten actual *volunteers* to live in her low-tech colony in the boondocks. Even if they couldn't get an official Federation charter, they could've still "crashed" the ship in the usual way, except they all would have been more prepared for roughing it.  Even for a crazy cult leader with delusions of grandeur, she certainly doesn't seem to have approached this logically.
Boko Haram bombs Maiduguri in north-east Nigeria killing 20 people
U.N. diplomat pushes to hold Yemen talks, Arab air strikes pound Houthis
Drone strike in northwest Pakistan kills several militants
You are incorrect. Previous studies have shown that the incidence of autism in adults is the same as in children, once you bring adults in to be diagnosed.  I once made a long comment about this, and lucky for me I saved it to my computer because now I can't find the original. Just gonna c+p it here for you:  Okay, now people have been screaming about the rising diagnosis rates for autism since the mid-90s. They say that increased awareness cannot possibly account for all the increase. I submit that it certainly can and probably does for several reasons.  First, starting with the publication of the DSM-IV in the early 90s the diagnostic criteria for autism changed significantly. It became much easier to obtain. Previously, if you did not perfectly match the criteria you got a diagnosis of the catch-all "mental retardation" or even of "childhood schizophrenia" - and if you're about to say that autism is nothing like schizophrenia, don't bother, I know. But that's how the diagnosis was back then. Since it was easier to get a diagnosis of autism, naturally, diagnoses went up. (And every time I say "diagnoses went up", remember that this means awareness went up as well.)  Secondly, at that same time, "asperger's" as entered into the DSM, and the whole concept of an autistic spectrum emerged. Plenty of children who would have received no diagnosis at all prior to this, or who would've been diagnosed as ADD or as OCD were now obtaining diagnoses such as Asperger's, HFA, or PDD-NOS. (This actually happened to me. My parents dragged me around to doctors for years trying to get me diagnosed (my mother had apparently worked with autistic students for a while, and they'd read some books by Temple Grandin), but back in the day you basically couldn't get diagnosed as autistic if you could speak, especially if you were bright and/or female. When I got diagnosed as an adult I was told it was really pretty obvious. Trust me, I don't act more autistic now than I did as a kid!) Of course, the thing to take away from this is that diagnoses went up.  Thirdly, prior to the 90s, reporting of autism was sporadic at best. Many states made no reports of cases of autism, or only half-hearted ones. But as awareness continued to rise, more and more states started making better and better reports, allowing us to get a better grasp of new cases being diagnosed. And this, of course, in and of itself led to increased awareness.  Increased awareness is, of course, the fourth piece of the puzzle, the one all the others lead to. Doctors, as we know, are told "when you hear hoofbeats, think horses, not zebras". Sound advice in most situations - if it looks like a cold, it probably IS a cold. But the problem comes when what you think is a zebra is really a horse.  Prior to the DSM-IV, doctors were told that the autism risk was something like 1 in 10,000. And parents didn't really hear about it at all, or if they did they thought of "Rain Man", and if their kid didn't match that profile perfectly (given that Kim Peek, the inspiration for the character, wasn't autistic they shouldn't expect that), assumed that the term "autistic" didn't apply to their child and didn't ask doctors to look into it. (I am certain that if I had been given the Checklist for Autism in Toddlers as a toddler I would have been diagnosed much sooner. I would have failed it at 18 months. Heck, I would have failed it at 8 years, and that's not an exaggeration. Now it's standard, but it wasn't when I was a child.) Because the doctors parents went to assumed it was rare, they didn't look for it, and so they failed to diagnose it. But as awareness continued to rise, doctors were more and more likely to look for autism, and thus more and more likely to diagnose it. And when the alarmist bells started to ring about how autism is "increasing", doctors and parents BOTH started to look for it a LOT more.  Now, of course, this all doesn't show that incidence is the same as it has always been, simply that incidence could be the same as it has always been. Anecdotally, though, I will say that it is a very common story among adult autistics to be diagnosed only after a child in the family is diagnosed. Sometime during the process they start to realize that everything that applies to this kid also applies to them, and then they get diagnosed. Not so anecdotally, at least one study has shown that the rate in adults is really no different from the rate in children: http://abcnews.go.com/Health/AutismNews/autism-epidemic-challenged-uk-study/story?id=13518453 (I've seen other sources, but it's been a while since I avidly kept up on autism news).  Another note: Many people on my family match the broader autistic phenotype. My maternal grandfather was most definitely autistic. Last time I said this, the person I was speaking to literally replied that this was impossible because autism didn't even exist until Kanner started studying it in the 1940s. I suppose that is the logical conclusion of "rates and incidence are always the same", but I laughed right in her face. Kanner himself noted that the parents of the children he worked with showed autistic traits. (It is this observation that led to the monstrous "refrigerator mother" hypothesis  which has now been thoroughly debunked, but the observation itself was quite correct.) You can see, though, if you haven't thought of it, that we really only have accurate information about autism going back a few generations at best. It's only recently, for example, that we've found that men who are older when they father their first child are more likely to have an autistic child (that applies to my father!) or grandchild (and that one applies to my mother's father). The jury is most definitely out on why this should be so, though - is it because something happens to the sperm as men age? Or is it because men and women who show autistic traits are slower to enter into relationships and take longer to start having sex? That is also most definitely possible - just as it is possible that people who show autistic traits prefer to be in relationships with other people who show autistic traits, a form of assortive mating, and one that is evidently true within my own family, though I cannot speak for how common that really is.
Armed groups in the north of Mali have, over the last week, attacked each other as well as UNpeacekeepers and Malian soldiers, underscoring Mali's fragility as it tries to emerge from years of instability and jihadist revolt.
Russia is building up forces on its borders with Ukraine, prompting pro-Kiev forces and analysts to predict an impending pro-Russian attack in the near future.
Well, I suppose so? The elder kiddo got hers done recently, we didn't even say what it was for, just "Look, at 11 you're due for two shots, so let's get 'em done and on the way home we'll grab a doughnut."