First time making fried cauliflower!
Well said!
Here's my impresssion - SQUEALCHSTATICSTATICSQUEALCh one cool segment so far the scientist portal guy SQUEALCHSTATICSQUEALCH
Vampire Hunter D, Fist of the North Star, Wicked City
Your biggest facepalm so far?   Just found the chest above Maughlin...on my fourth character...   Edit: the heide's ruin bonfire...
I do post audio for movies/tv and let me tell you, it's not just comedies but ALL movies.  After the 'economy' in 2009, this has become the new standard.  It's either Avengers, or independent stuff that will show up on Netflix and people will pass over because they haven't seen or heard anything about it.   It sucks.  The company I work for are constantly getting underbid by people working out of their garages and then the clients eventually come to us to fix the problems.  The middle class really is gone.  We have a team of five full time staff and we have to do four movies at once to stay open.  But to be honest this whole business is screwy....I wish I had more answers, but it seems people are just cutting costs everywhere.
I startd the game almost exactly like this, except I actually got pretty far with my magic and no shield.  Hell go watch a no shield fists only run to give you some confidence!    Dont worry the game is a little confusing as far as 'where to go next'.  But that's dark souls for ya!  I say NG is like a practice run through and the real game starts NG+.  Keep a notebook and write stuff down like, 'black door in forest area wont open'.  By the time you get the necessary items you will probs forget where to go to use them!   The lady in Majula will level you up by the bonfire. Defs get some strength to hold a shiled and get a longsword and level it up.  Start putting points in att and int.  Do a rounded charactwr with faith and int.  You will find a staff that will cast sorcereries, hexes AND miracles it's awesome.  Also for a first run, join the way of blue cove so if you get invaded, a blue sentinel can be summoned automatically to help you kill the invader.  You can be invaded while hollow now.....  Oh and talk to everyone!!  And....pull the lever
Is red dwarf or star bug on here?
All you can eat buffet and just never stop eating
speak priest!
I AM THE LIQUOR
Bonewheel skeletons and Bed of Chaos for obvious reasons. Also I have a problem USING homing soul mass.  I wish it 'homed' better.  If I'm facing two enemies with varying health, I wish it sent one, then two etc to kill first enemy, then used the remaining mass to kill second enemy, as opposed to sending all to enemy that is closest.  But I guess that how's 'homing missiles' work.  I also wished Dragon's Breath sent enemies flying like gravelord souldance.  I mean it's 50 INT and kind of a pain in the ass to get it should do more than it does.   Also I hope in DS2 that if I'm locked on an enemy and they fall off a cliff, I lose my lock on them as soon as they are in the point of no return on the cliff edge.
[Daniel](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jDV4-HGKohs) Directed by Eric Wareheim is great to0!
Donnie Darko's the most over-rated crap movie ever.  You left off Martyrs, A Serbian Film, Bedeviled, In the Company of Men and Irreversible..... among others that are WAY better than Darko and Requiem
Billy Butthole
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TwdljWge9iY