It's _not_ going to be a real Q A session, Limor Fried has always sucked MakerBots dick, because she was/is good friends with Bre Pettis.  You'll notice it all on their forums and other public communities.  They rule with a heavy handed fist, and delete all negative commentary about MakerBot, etc.
http://bukobot.com/nozzle-cleaning  You should do your best to perform a cold pull of the filament.  I don't know if any kind of design decisions make this useful on a UM2.  But generally this is how you fix a clogged nozzle.  When printing woodfill, purge with a different filament once you're done.  I've heard many people having problems after printing with it, and then leaving it in the nozzle.  I don't know if it's some sort of one-way curing process that it goes through or what.
I'm just saying that the way you're trying to argue what you're saying leaves open the possibility of interpretation of something else happening rather than what you are trying to say.  You're not being concise.  The point could easily be argued in your grandparent comment that it isn't because of RAM that you were able to load that, but because of harddrive-backed cache.  I merely went further with it to ensure cover where harddrive backed cache comes in, and where it doesn't.  Because you were replying to someone who had counter-argued that it was stored on the hard drive.  You can't just say "It is because I SAY it is!", you have to say "It is, because of this, and this is how it works, and this is why it works.  Additionally this is the case in which what you are describing works/acts/operates."  It's not I'm Right/You're Wrong here.  It's about trying to clarify.
It's not about speed, it's about position in line.  Speed is often used as a method to get that extra position, but it's worth it.  Especially once you sync with all the yellow lights and leave the traffic behind you at red lights never to be seen again.  Advanced drivers just use a better combination of factors including car types, which lanes are fastest, are adjacent to popular turn lanes, in addition to speed.  That guy is waiting at the stop with you, sure - but when it turns green, he doesn't have to wait for 10 other people who are likely all paying more attention to facebook on their smartphones than traffic.
Really garbage, tbqh.  They don't offer any kind of unlimited data plan at all.  I got hit with my cap rather quickly.  I'd try out T-Mobile - If you're willing to bring your own device, you can save a bunch of money.  100 minutes, unlimited text, unlimited data, LTE speeds (74mbps download over on sand lake!).  http://prepaid-phones.t-mobile.com/prepaid-plans - It's hidden, one of the smaller text ones, with no link to the plan (you get it by buying a SIM)  Not to mention, being prepaid, if you don't like it, you're not locked into a contract and can try someone else.
Banning people "for being jerks" though is stupid as shit.  It's the internet.  People are going to be jerks.  People here are also (in general) adults...and can handle jerks.  Don't turn this into some pissy-pants kindergarten playground, where everyone must be cordial, and two-faced for the sake of not being banned.  Sometimes people just need to be told to fuck off.  /r/Orlando is the only sub I've seen where people whine and cry like little babies because someone was "rude" (ON THE INTERNET NO LESS!)...I mean holy fucking christ, do we need to wipe their little bottoms after they take a shit as well?
You can fuck right off.  The damn show is on Nick.com - the episodes regarding this have been out for easily a month now.  Freely available to anyone and everyone.
Thank you for that.  I know most people refrain from posting about their expert knowledge on subject matters such as this, thinking that most people probably don't care; but I love any and all expert knowledge I can get on every interesting subject matter.  With that said, does this mean that the dress rides on the hips of the wearer and is basically unsupported past that point other than by the dress boning?
[](/chibipinkie "It's even better when it's ponies!")
I've had _WAY_ too many instances of running through the woods as a child, and having an orb weaver plaster itself and its web right on the center of my fucking face to hate those suckers too.  http://www.northmyrtlebeachonline.com/uploads/user_12_/2013news/bananaspider.jpg  Though, the little spiky ones are cool, they're apparently orb weavers too.
Even 90 isn't a problem sometimes: http://www.thingiverse.com/make:63848 -- No support material on that print.  It's not mine, but I didn't take a picture of the one I made.  PLA, with a strong fan, can occasionally do even 90 degree, flat out into the middle of nowhere.  It can't be _too_ far away, but you'd be surprised at what the plastic can accomplish occasionally.
/r/Orlando - Any of you with an interest in a 3D printing workshop in which you leave with a working printer, knowledge of how to use it, and a bunch of new friends?   FamiLAB, a hackerspace in the greater orlando area, is toying around with offering a semi-annual 3D printer workshop, in which you work with a bunch of other people, get assistance assembling a kit-based printer, as well as education on how they work, how to tune them, how to use the software, etc.  If there is an interest in such a thing, would $400 be something you'd be willing to drop a couple weeks in advance of the class/workshop?  The cheapest kits out there right now are $399 (currently the printrbot jr: http://printrbot.com/shop/printrbot-jr/) so you'd be getting quite a value with the help you'd receive.  The kit comes with a little bit of plastic to print with, and you'd leave with a fully working machine and a good understanding of it.  *edit:* Right now I'm unsure of how much time this would all take.  Would 4 hours for 2 days (total of 8 hours) be too long?
Learn to solder and reduce pink eye!   Hey, has this ever happened to you? You wake up one morning not feeling so hot, you go to the bathroom to get ready for the day, turn on the light, look in the mirror, and find that you have pink eye?! Well what you may not know is that most pink eye is actually caused by a disgruntled ex-Intel engineer named Greg who is angry that hell lacks solder. Every now and then Greg's ectoplasm stretches and he gains access to our mortal plain. He takes out his anger by stabbing people in the eyes with hot soldering irons as they sleep, thus causing pink eye.  Well, a study published in the peer reviewed journal 'The American Journal on Gullibility' showed that there was a strong correlation between soldering ability and the incidence of pink eye. The study found the stronger your soldering ability, the less incidence of pink eye you will develop. No mechanism has been found yet, but it is believed that a mutual assured destruction type standoff ensues, as Greg would not like pink eye on top of eternal damnation.  So if you'd like to reduce pink eye and improve your soldering ability, learn to solder 10AM on September 8th at [FamiLAB](https://www.facebook.com/FamiLAB). With the $20 class, you will recieve a free Adafruit MintiBoost Kit (Normally $21.50!) to be able to charge your smart phone on the go!  http://www.eventbrite.com/event/4112913836
Most stripped down window manager possible?   Are there any WMs out there that provide _just_ window border decorations and buttons?  Maybe some hotkey (alt+tab, etc) support?  Every WM I run across has some sort of application manager, or launcher, or other crap associated with it, instead of just...you know...managing windows.  Edit: Thanks for all the suggestions -- I found my winner for the time being.  In the future I'll be expanding PLWM, seeing as the default arch install comes with python already and xlib is tiny.
Going full-on command line?  Need suggestions/help with some applications and ways to go about things.   I'm not quite a linux newbie, more like a novice at this point.  I'm running Arch, and I quite like the control it gives me over everything.  I'm also on a quite underpowered eee900a which, while fine for everyday stuff just kind of chokes on video, etc.  Since I'd like this to be a mix between some reddit browsing, occasional gmail checking, and actual learning, I'd like to be able to work mostly in the command line, and just be able to swap over to X when I start to feel uncomfortable.  I'd like to move as much as I can over to the command line though.  I'm a touch typer, and grew up on the dos command line so I'm familiar in the environment.  However, there are a couple of little niggles that I'd like to get out of the way.  First; browser.  What are some good command line browsers?  I use Links, but is there any way to get framebuffer graphics on a command line browser?  Maybe some javascript support, etc?  What command line browsers do you recommend?  Reddit client?  I've seen some reddit command line clients, is this worth even doing?  Text editor? - I'm not very comfortable with vi yet.  I use nano for editing normally, Is there anything that's more similar to the GUI environment where I can use alt + f to get a file menu, etc?  I'm not averse to learning vi, but it's taking me a little longer than I'd like.  I haven't figured out how to copy and paste things from one file to the next very elegantly. (read: at all)  What about multiple apps at the same time?  Do I use screen for this?  I'm starting to get familiar with it, is there something that others prefer?  Console highlighting - worth doing?  I'm using Wicd-curses right now to manage networks, that seems to work out perfect.  Any way of keeping data on-screen most of the time like battery, time, etc?  Is it possible to do 90% of everything in the command line? - the reason I'm kind of submerging myself into this is because I really need to be familiar with remote-control of linux shells.  I saw a command line "window manager" - it was similar to dwm, or...based off of it I think?  Either way, I appreciate any help anyone can give me.  The more familiar with the command line I can be, the more happy I'll be.  One day I might even be a sed/awk guru.  Edit: also, is there a way to get a higher resolution framebuffer?  I did vga=ask in menu.lst, had it scan for more codes, and I only get 800x600x32 as my highest available option.  I guess there might be a way to start X with a full screen terminal for higher resolution maybe?  Since I'm using a netbook, unfortunately, the resolution is like 1024x600, which isn't very standard.  Any suggestions here?
Discussion of the Android OS bug.  (Or: I've gone all the way back to 2.1 SBF with my Droid and I'm still having it!!)   I mean, seriously.  What...the...fuck.  I recently got "tagged" with this bug, and I am now sitting on a 2.1, stock, unrooted, 100% BONE FRESH SBF flash, and Android OS is sitting at 57% battery usage after 4 hours off of the charger and I'm down to 70% battery.  My battery doesn't last more than a 14 hour stretch anymore (I used to be able to go 3 days).  As far as I'm aware nobody has had this bug until 2.3.4; and it's really infuriating.  What the fuck could persist SO HEAVILY as to completely and unforgivingly stick to the phone even after a full wipe like this?!  I was on 2.3.4 for a pretty long time previously, and this thing hit me out of the blue one night, draining my battery fully overnight.  Now, I *have* found a way to mitigate this bug: Turn off WiFi.  There's a problem I have with that: I don't have cell service on my Droid.  I've used it as a wifi-only device now for a year and a half.  I have never, ever had the Android OS process use more than...maybe 4/5% of my total battery.  Sleep-modes for wifi don't help the situation either.  never, never when plugged in, and when screen turns off doesn't help at all.  Being logged into google services also does not matter in the slightest, this is a bone-stock restore and I've done nothing except connect to wifi...there is no google account even associated with the device.  Therefore as well, there is no syncing going on.  No latitude.  Nothing.  Can anyone suggest what the hell is going on here?  I just don't understand how this could persist through a full SBF flash!  What, if anything, isn't touched by a full flash?  And how could a 2.3.4 build of CyanogenMod trigger it?  *edit:* Why the downvotes? O_o