Bacon egg   cheese. Goat cheese, rosemary, thick cut slab bacon. On Ciabatta bun.
Haha yeah, she lost me when she started talking about her 'old soul' and the played out museums in NYC. + no hookups. No hookups = get off Tinder; this isn't an old soul mate search engine.
That sounds really good. I think I'm going to make that into a cocktail actually. But here in America; without adequate sugaz we go into starvation mode and get fatter.
It's a tough call because you're making a duck face in both pictures.   In the second photo, the larger zoom makes it harder to see your duck face but it also reveals the large urine stain on your mattress.   It's a really hard decision. Personally, I'd go with #2, as the urine stain is less embarrassing than the closeup duck face.
On the left.  I used purple potatoes so their camouflaged.
You look much bigger in one of those pictures.  Also the lip rings aren't doing you any favors.  Almost a 5.  (4.5/10)
That's brilliant.
6.5
I don't think it's "funny" to hate people because they're ~~big~~ **fat**.  I think it's necessary to have an outlet to pushback against "fat acceptance," which is really just a phrase describing fat bullies forcing society to accept their irresponsible, gluttonous, and destructive lifestyle.  It's nice to sit here and say, "oh, everyone's beautiful and healthy and a product of genetics" but the stark reality is that if we continue on our current fat path, society is doomed.
True.  Personally, I live in a city and bike mostly everywhere so it's not a huge sacrifice to give up an auto.  The problems I'm seeing are in deep rural areas where there might not even be strong enough grid support for charging stations.  On the bright side; the way technology is progressing, I think I'll see the fix in my life time.
I'm a fan of BSN Syntha - 6.  It's whey better than others I've tried.
Hey Reddit, what is your vice?
Haha, yea man, thanks. Keep being awesome!
You're young and beautiful.  Please don't go putting on a lot of makeup.  You don't need it and I see so many girls killing they're natural beauty by wearing paint. Also, at 6'4" - I can really appreciate a tall beauty.  9.5/10
Really. You are a joke and you're hilarious. In a sad way. The other comments ring true and honest. The fact is that I have very high self esteem, I frequently get requests to model, and I'm drowning in pussy. Maybe a slight narcissism exists but there is nothing 'quite tragic' about seeking approval and showing off ones hard earned abs in this sub is to be expected.  Btw; you're full of shit with your obvious contradiction:  I wouldn't say you're ugly because that is unfair  vs   you can't accept that you're ugly  You're pathetic.  Get help.
I agree.  That can't be working for her.  She'll either have to be less of a bitch or be hotter.