The other problem that Sanders has is he is getting no support from minorities (African Americans and Latinos).  As a Latino, I find it difficult that Sanders didnt say the word "Latino" until 4 weeks after he announced he was running.  I mean come on, if you are going to run for president as a "democrat" you should know who "democrats" actually are.
It just seems like on numerous occasions white lives clearly matter more than black lives.  That's the point.  I'm not black (Latino here) but I understand the point they are trying to make.
In all honesty, when I was 11 my mom and dad volunteered for the Clinton Campaign in 1991 in my home state of Texas.  My father and mother were hardcore Clinton fans and after he was elected, my family benefited from a booming economy just like everyone else.    I know Hillary isn't Bill.  You asked why Hillary over Barack?   The fact that she had more experience than he did in 2008 helped a lot.  If you remember, the only difference between Hillary and Barack we're was the vote and stance on Iraq.  I think the same goes for Bernie sanders.  If you look at what they stand for, it truly isn't that different.  I agree with everything Hillary stands for.  I don't consider myself a staunch liberal but more of a moderate.  I don't necessarily believe in everything Bernie stands for.  I think he is just liberal to get elected.    Now I do agree that having Bernie in the race will pull Hillary to the left a bit and I think that's ok but I just hope not too much.  It mays seem like I'm rambling but I have donated to the Hillary for America campaign and I have already volunteered too.  I live in Nevada.  A truly swing state that has voted for a democratic president the last two times and I will do everything in my power to help her win this state in 2016.
Beyonc...because it's Beyonc.
Leprosy
http://instagram.com/p/sL9DGRMFmG/  Fuck.  Looks like my Lola.
http://youtu.be/5n1ey6eEijw
Yes
Without a doubt
I went to a Nickelback concert here in Vegas at MGM they were shockingly good.  Free tix of course but def worth the time.  I'd see then again for free. I might even pay 40 bucks to go see them.
Thank u!
The human version of Pet Shaming...(right off of one of the busiest exits in Las Vegas and this kids mama was sitting right next to her).
This was so fuvking long ago.  Who gives a shit.
Not sure what to write but we all go through shit sometimes.  Life sux.  Don't give up.  Be strong.  This shit is gonna pass.  Trust me.  You'll smile again.
Yah.  He was.  http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0089218/
Lmfao.  Everyone's good looking in this pic except u.  Lol. (And I mean because of the face ur makjng).