http://imgur.com/5qicM0z
Nobody knows. No one asks. Once their told "you're fine" people go on their merry way.  I know a doctor who used to study under a cancer specialist in California. she said that this guy unlocked the cure for cancer in the pancreas of a pig. had years of studies and proof that it worked, and once the guy tried to publish a work or whatever it's called on it, guy gets taken out and his place gets ransacked. coincidence? curing disease and helping people doesn't make money and the government knows it. all I'm saying is, if it is government mandated that everyone get vaccinated, in today's corrupt governmental system, I want no part of it. and, the medical industry is just as corrupt as the government under which it serves.   I just don't trust anybody, man

exactly. that's what makes the song so great. feels like a criticism of white culture and their behavior and mentality towards the black community until you get to those last couple lines and realize, oh shit, he callin out everybody.   sorry to interrupt. just really like that song lolol
Lebron doesn't wanna play. He's dead. Ready for this to be over. Hope he snaps outta this bull shit
I didn't mean he didn't have any plays at all. I just meant that his motion Princeton offense that they threw out in December doesn't work with a ball dominant guy. so the sets he does draw up are to get Lebron a mismatch on the post or a shooter coming up off of down screens. nothing that involves all 5 guys in positions to score like the Warriors have. that's all I meant. Lebron definitely needs to chill on the ISOs tho
the JR comment is just wrong. he's been consistently hot basically since he put on a cavs uni. and the warriors walked into the finals just like the Cavs did. Just because they played teams with better records, doesnt mean they played better teams. The Pels wouldve sold their souls to just win a game in that series, the Grizz never had a real shot bc they couldnt guard steph and he was just off in the games they lost. also, bigs-focused teams are a good matchup for them. and the rockets had a 37 year old spot up shooting guard playing the point and guarding steph curry. and josh smith, JOSH SMITH, started.   Also, Cavs defensively are better without Love in the lineup. So him being out favors the Cavs defensively. This will be a much better series than 90% of people think.  Cavs in 7.
"Back once again, chillin in the back of the lac with a pass or the gin..." gets me so hyped every damn time
Wasn't trivializing. That's just how you talk about basketball. You state what the opposing team does offensively, you tell why you think your team can either, guard against it well and why or, why they cannot. So get outta here with your douchebag approach to responding to my opinion of how the series will go. You can respond with your opinion without being an ass. But bruh, pin downs are easy to guard. Off ball screens are easy to guard when you have smart and quick athletes like JR and Shump on the wings. And, like I said, TT and Moz can handle the post actions because they are both great defenders. And I dont give a shit how much film Carrol watches the next few days, he isn't going to magically get bigger and stronger and quicker and D up Lebron effectively. And if you think the Hawks can beat a Lebron James led basketball team 3 out of 6 times to force a game 7, you're delusional.
i want delly
indeed
you clearly didnt watch him the past 5 years. Especially last year in memphis. dude locked people down for long stretches of games. and again, you clearly dont know mike miller. he could shoot 0 for 500 in the regular season and come into a playoff game and go 7 for 7. he is a big game, big shot maker
Woah there bud. Lets take a chill pill. With a little research, you too can find the pictures of him on set actively filming a scene in his costume and make up without a big ass tattoo on his forehead! Woohoo! The internet is awesome! In the words of Walter White, "Fuck you, and your eyebrows!" ass.
I was just a youngblood when Phantom Menace came out so Pod racing was the shit, Darth Maul was the shit, Obi Wan was the coolest dude ever just catching that lightsaber mid-flip to slice him, Natalie Portman was (is still) the crush of all crushes, Mace Windu's purple sword was always the coolest, all the jedi comin out for a huge battle was the shit, yoda showin some skills was the shit, space battles were the shit, Annakin decapitating Dooku was the coolest ever, annakin slaughtering kids and turnin dark was terrifying and awesome bc the story was really connecting, epic Obi-Wan/Annakin fight was the shit. But again, I was just a youngblood
For real. Just get it all out, no need to hold back. We're all friends here
Lebron deserves it over everyone. He's the best player on the planet. But, I'm 85% sure he won't get it regardless of how out of his mind he plays until the middle of june because people just want someone else to get it. Like DRose a few years ago. Yeah right