I'm a Realtor that lives along Shore Drive. As a 22 yearold you may really like that area. Pretty much the oceanfront without the tourists or tourist shops. If you want to send me a PM with your information, I'll give you a call. It's a great place to live.
Eh 2 active spots.. Iwakuma will be hurt for a while and I agree about Fister being pretty good too. Is a Fiers, Syndergaard, Paxton, type guy available? Whats the best pitchers available right now? Sorry just can't really answer that last one without knowing who's available. I do think Iwakuma is a top 30-50 starter.  EDIT: btw look at my most recent post about my team. I asked for feedback but I guess I posted it in the wrong spot but would love to hear your feedback as well.
THANK YOU!!!!!!!!! WHEN THIS SHIT HITS 2.32 I'M GOING TO SAMS CLUB AND BUYING SOME FUCKING INDUSTRIAL SIZED BOXES OF CEREAL AND FUCKING PIZZA ROLLS #YOUonlyOWNamdONCE
Don't trust it. Don't like it. Won't play with it.
NO.
I really appreciate the fact that you responded almost immediately after I posted. To be completely honest with you, I like the appearance of some of the Black Lapel suits more then Indochino. I recently received a $100 gift card to Joseph A. Bank and went to purchase some dress shirts, the service was terrible. I'm in sales and customer service is huge to me. So even though I think my next purchase may be at Black Lapel just for comparative purposes, I took advantage of the 'HAVEITALL' sale today and purchased the essential blue sharkskin suit, a white dress shirt, and blue tie + a tie clip (unrelated to the sale). I probably would have went with a lighter blue off of Black Lapel first so tell your boss he needs to buy you lunch. Thank you again.
Sold my gaming PC and not planning to build another one for atleast another year or so but I'm just as excited as most PC owners because I can't wait to watch hours upon hours of videos of all the impressive work modders will do with V.
United States STAND UP WIT US, favorite comment of the night.
The thing is... the guy is on TV releasing *why* they aren't indicting Wilson but the people are already going nuts..., why don't people want to know the truth. If you showed up tonight, you we're already decided on the issue.
Gang bang
Laser Pointer.
How much for the bathroom accessory
She tripped?
My listing package is a video virtual your ($200), Home Warranty Supplied for buyer ($400), agreement to have the house open every Saturday/Sunday for the first 6 weeks and I never use a lock box . If an agent wants to show the property I'm always present because who knows the house better, the listing agent or an agent that's never been inside. With that said I never negotiate commission and a lot of Realtors list for 1-2% and never do anything. Really get what you pay for.
My dad's birthday was on the 2nd, he passed away on his birthday a year ago. It sucks man but you just have to treasure the time you had with him.
No problem, if you have anymore questions you can contact me- just shoot me a PM. If your a self motivator you'll do great. I was the same way, at the office at 6 AM and even though I was in more of a foreman role, I was always helping whether running equipment or having a shovel in my hand. So when I came over here I immediately transitioned to being in the office everyday at 9:00 am and I can say that 2 of my clients came to me because nobody else was in the office and we had a walk in. One of which equated to my first exclusive sale, hence the birth of my post. Good luck