Kassadin: Fuck Talon and Cho'gath  Shyvana: Fuck Gnar
We have 4 steers on our ranch, and they're the sweetest things ever. It all depends on how used to human contact they are.
I haven't seen a single person on the pro scene say a word about the nepotism. If it was truly as bad as the reddit-made rumours are I'm sure somebody would have spoke up. I'm personally indifferent on the situation, I don't particularly like Avalon, but I still want to see him do well and not get flamed for something we're not sure about.
*She
The reason why it's working IMO is that Bjergsen is on the same level as the rest of the mids in this tourney, unlike in NA where he is clearly above everyone else. This means the teams don't have to worry as much about him snowballing out of control, so they can focus Dyrus more and still be fine. If Incarnation lives up to the hype this could be a viable strat for c9 as well.
Yeah he's my second most played champ. His play style has changed a bit, making him more difficult for solo queue, but he's still effective. He's mechanically easy, just requires game sense and experience with him more then anything. If you're just learning him you'll likely misjudge his damage for awhile. (Like your auto-W and ult both do a deceptively high amount of damage, and your QE does a lot less)
Nocturne top. You outtrade him early on with your passive (you don't draw minion aggro with it if you use it on a minion and hit Darius too), you all-in him level 2 or 3 and win every time. If you end up behind you can either shove him in easy and roam or just CS with your Q. Once you get Botrk you can 1v1 him easily for the rest of the game, you can do it even earlier if your confident with your spell shielding of his ult.
MPen is more important then AP. Kog has low AP ratios but pretty high bases. My general build goes tear, Guise, Sorcs, Rylais, Void, Ludens. You can take a death cap over Ludens if you want more consistent DPS over higher burst (this is only if you consistently hit every ult), or Grail instead for more spammability. I'm not a fan of a defensive item as you can duel basically anyone who dives you in a 1v1 with your exhaust up, but if there's more then one person you mispositioned badly and you'll likely die anyways.   For advice just farm as safely as you can until 6, and from there just afk farm until level 11. Once you hit level 7 you can basically perma shove the enemy laner into their tower as a E + ult clears the caster minions. In team fights just spam ult for the most of it, don't get greedy and try getting into  auto attack range unless you're cleaning up or duelling a diver. You can basically duel anybody that isn't a mobile assassin late game if you have your exhaust up.
You must not have ever watched a single c9 game back in s3 then. Sneaky was the 'utility adc' who played Ashe in the majority of his games. If you look at any reviews/game threads of c9 back then, they would all say the same thing. Meteos and balls were the hard carries, Hai was a strong secondary carry, and the bot lane was seen as 'the weakest point' of c9.
Deciding to drastically change their entire playstyle against the best team in the world is a pretty stupid choice. They could have easily played it like they did SSB at worlds, and they mightve just had a chance. Rumble had a early first blood, Sneaky/Lemon were dominating lane, Hai was in trouble, but could just play it as safe as he could. Instead they try stupid plays, that just get capitalized on over and over and led to the stomp that this was.
To be fair, C9 has more or less returned to their form. If you ignore the first two weeks which they were playing terrible, they're 7/1. I agree totally that GE is the better team, and the odds are definitely in their favor, but it's entirely possible that C9 does get a win, even if it ends up being more of a cheese. It's just a best of 1, anything can happen. Look at Alliance vs Kabum for example.
What I did to learn is I spammed a bunch of games on kog'maw. You have no mobility, are squishy as fuck, and have only a slow for CC. Literally the only things keeping you alive in solo queue will be your positioning and your kiting. After  learning him, your mechanics will be much stronger.
Hey man, try solo lane assassin evelynn, I've been stomping with it since last patch. You can go mid for the better roaming, or top for the better matchups. Your main build is BOTRK, Muramana, and IBG (you can go Triforce for more damage if you want). A Ult-E-Auto-Q-Auto will blow up a squishy in under a second. It's actually ridiculous. Take 2-3 points in Q for better farming/harass in lane, and then max E.
It's a combination of high damage, and gapclosers/sticking potential. Give two early kills to an akali/riven, and they can just jump on you and 100/0 you anytime you go near them. They can just go around and kill anybody they want. Meanwhile, getting two kills on someone like a orianna or Karthus won't let you snowball as hard as you can't force your advantage like you can on Fiora or Katarina. And champions like rammus or nautilus don't have the same damage output as the aforementioned champions, so even though they can push their advantage, odds are the enemy will be able to make it to their turret, or escape in other ways before you can kill them.
How does Jax counter riven? As someone who plays a lot of jax it feels like I can't really do much at all until I have Triforce or Botrk and tabi's. She has the mobility to escape jaxes counterstrike, and short enough cooldowns to punish him whenever his E is on cooldown.   Her level 6 spike is so much stronger then Jax's as well. He outscales her in 1v1s, but he won't ever be able to freely take towers against her, and she has a stronger teamfight in most situations.
This was exactly my point. She is extremely safe, is a strong laner, and has good poke, but her drawback is that she has no real steroids ( besides her passive, which is strong in lane, but inconsistent late game) and badly scaling abilities (since her only real damage abilities have long cast times, plus get outdamaged late game by her autos) and are real easy to avoid.   She is a good, safe adc, but compared to Vayne, Kog, Trist, Twitch, or even Jinx late game she just doesn't have the raw damage to be considered a hypercarry.