White People
I was at Disney World when I was six years old. We were riding the bus back to our hotel when my mom gave her seat up to a girl about the same age as me. We kept looking at each other and just smiled and laughed. It was so innocent and for my six year old self it was the best thing ever.
I love her. I've always loved her. I still don't understand everyone's hate towards her..
Hello Lavern
Actors of Reddit, what's the best way to continue the craft after High School?
One of my favorite comments in the thread. Thank you
ELI5: Why do stars twinkle or sparkle?   Right now in just gazing at the stars and I was really curious on why stars twinkle and sparkle?
"You just downloaded   opened this app, tell us what you think!"
I've never been so jealous
Story building is always fun! Do you ever just have a start for the story and let the dream do the rest?
Getting to know yourself in a Lucid Dream, I think it is one of the greatest things to do in a lucid dream! I do it on occasion!
The WILD technique is where you go to bed wake up after 4-6 hours of sleep, stay awake for like 10 min to an hour (I think an hour is way too long) then get back in your bed, make sure your body is all relaxed. The trick to this is you want to trick your body into falling asleep and your brain remain active. Unfortunately during this technique you might run into sleep paralysis, but you just have to take that with a grain of salt. Once your body is asleep you will start seeing thing, shapes, colors, soon you'll start seeing faces then full on scenes. Don't focus too much on any of that because you will lose all you're trying to achieve. You may even hear some things.One big thing is that you cannot get too excited. You will ruin all of it. There are some good apps/ youtube videos on taking you through the process of relaxing your body and the steps after that. Sorry I wrote this pretty fast, if you have any questions or want other tips just let me know! Happy Lucid Dreaming!
That's what my friend said! It would be fantastic!
More then likely he won't be seeing any of 11 because in an interview he said that he wasn't invited back for the 50th episode, unless they decide to throw him in there before 11 regenerates.
I want to be something happy but then sad at the same time. Anyway they do it will be brilliant.
Asperatus Clouds