Voltaire
I'm pretty sure the majority (well over 50%) of the world still believes in some sort of higher power(s) and or supernatural reasons for the way things are etc.
My answer: a lighter.   Also, why'd you specify it may not be food? If it's only one item and it must be something you can see atm, and has to be something you can carry, why the fuck would anyone say food? That twinkie isn't gonna help for shit for an entire month.
That's one hell of a jump
As long as your question isn't a direct copy of something already on the front page (sometimes this doesn't even matter) then it's a combination of luck, timing, and a few good/witty responses from other Redditors shortly after posting it.  Edit: also completely stupid questions like "reddit how do I tell if this girl likes me?" will never make it. Obviously.
I've had 1-3 cats pretty much my entire life.   First of all, the kid is barely even touching the cat, and that's one way cats play with each other, by slapping each other, only harder than that kid was doing it and with claws that sometimes aren't completely tucked away.   Second of all, the cat is showing zero signs of anger, irritation or aggression. He's showing signs of a cat in "play feral mode" waiting for the opportune moment to playfully strike back, which he did. This is likely why the person filming did nothing, this is probably a common occurrence between this boy and his cat.   TLDR; Nothing went wrong.
It's actually not my problem at all .  I can absolutely deny your $100 bill because I can't break it and there isn't one thing you can do about it, aside from go elsewhere.   If you're polite I will apologize and sincerely mean it. If you're an ass I'll be an ass too.   Good luck finding a gas station that at midnight can comfortably break a 100 dollar bill. Gas stations are prime targets for robberies especially in the middle of the night. We drop our till down to $100 or less on a regular basis.  Of course you wouldn't know this if you come from a town of 2000 people. Welcome to the vast majority of the population of the world.  Cheers.
This sloths facial expression made me laugh way too hard.
The district attorneys office declined to file charges against the officers. Deputy Dist. Atty. Rosa Alarcon wrote in a memo about the shooting that Diaz Zeferinos right hand was no longer visible from the officers angle and that it was reasonable for them to believe he was going to reach for a weapon.  This shit needs to stop. This kind of answer is such a common one size fits all answer in regards to unwarranted police shootings, and it seems to fly an alarming majority of the time.   Basically the translation is "Well cops have a dangerous job, they made a split second decision that was well within their rights to make, so no ones getting in trouble."  I'm fucking sorry, but 3 cops shooting someone 8 times point blank where there was no weapon is absolutely unacceptable.  Due to the miscommunication with the dispatcher who mistakenly reported it as a robbery (dispatch here is also very much at fault....) guns trained is understandable. But what it escalated to was absolutely not.   We absolutely need to find a peaceful solution to this type of thing. Police need to stop being able to hide behind their badges and the authority to make tough decisions and be held fucking accountable for their actions.
Shit got dark quick.
Smell really good
In the heat of the moment, yes.
More power to you man. Wish I knew how to like it.
Slightly relevant, I somewhat recently moved to Appleton from Houston and I find it hilarious when people whine and stress about "traffic" here being horrendous. Obviously the picture linked here is a joke, but coming from Houston I find the lack of traffic here to be rather refreshing.   Also the "heat". As soon as it hits like 73 degrees people are acting like we're in an inferno. 9 months out of the year in Houston 73 is a rather cool night, temps hitting 95-110 by 10am every day for the majority of the year. I don't go into that much detail with the average complainer of heat but I do laugh and say I think it's nice out, but then again I'm from Houston. So they respond with "YEAH BUT THAT'S *DRY* HEAT!". Funny, cause Houston is only an hour (with traffic) from the Gulf, prone to tropical storms, hurricanes and very high humidity.   Anywho, I got a kick outta the pic.
Because people will pay for it.
I work in a gas station and this kind of thing is bound to happen occasionally and it's not really a big deal. Sometimes you grab something thinking you want it and decide you want something else and put it down there. It's lazy but not really a big deal.   The other day though... this lady stops right in front of the door (which is a no parking zone as per fire code) but made a very fast beeline to the bathroom. I figured she had a turtle head poking out so I let it slide (no pun intended) and said nothing. She was in there for like half an hour. When she finally came out she just walked outside and got in her car and sat there for another 10 or so minutes. Then she got back out and came inside with 2 girls (I'd guess 10 and 13). I figured they were gonna buy something, but no, she says to the kids "Wait for me here I'll be right back".  The kids immediately begin grabbing handfuls of merchandise from one shelf and putting it on other shelves. Like 30+ misplacements with a minute. So I calmly walked out and began putting things back where they belong and said "You're gonna stop doing that." Now one of the kids keeps grabbing a random item and running to me saying "How much is this???", handing it to me and then saying "Never mind I don't want it" while the other one slinks away behind some shelves or aisles to continue misplacing items and potentially steal shit.   Normally when I watch a suspicious person, I try to make like I'm doing something else that requires me to be near them until I actually see them shoplifting or whatever. Not this time, these kids were straight up **brats.** I just stood there staring daggers at them the entire time their mom was in the bathroom.   So like 10 more minutes go by and mom comes back out of the crapper and says to the kids "Were there any problems? Did anyone bother you?" The older one says "This guy (points to me) was following us around staring. It was scary." then hugs her mom. Her mom gives me a death stare and says something about how she was gonna buy something but not anymore, bitches a bit more and storms out with her daughters. I was dumbfounded.