Star Trek Into Romance
Thanks! Don't worry though - I'm totally with everyone on the annoying mouth sounds.
Yeah I actually have a bone disorder that has altered the bones in my skull, making them encroach on my nasal passage and vision. There's not that much I can do about the nasalness or the pitch, and little I can do about the mumbling. It's complicated is what Im saying.
Yeah i was having surgery the next day and really rushed through fixing that stuff.
"A Touch Of Sin" and "Animal Kingdom" are both like that.   More so "A Touch Of Sin" simply because it has much more violence. It's on Netflix and it's pretty great.
Video essay - Star Wars: The Force of Abrams
I was gonna say either Wake in Fright or Mad Max: The Road Warrior, but then I remembered - oh yeah - Mad Max: Fury Road.
I know, but look at the opening of District 9. That's also in a mockumentary style and that looks great, not just because of the set design but also due to the cinematography.  Better yet, look at Veep. Also by the same writers and creator. Great cinematography, identical style. I just think In The Loop has bad cinematography.
That's a good article. Although one point I'd like to add is that George Miller, John Seale and Margaret Sixel storyboarded, shot and edited the film to achieve total spatial clarity in Fury Road's action sequences. Whereas spatial clarity in Ultron seems like more of an afterthought to the dialogue and character development Joss Whedon was focusing on. Like it was something that could be done almost solely in post.
That was great. Thanks for sharing that.
Wake in Fright is absolutely fantastic and everybody should see that film.   It's got one of my favourite moments of sound design, where there's nothing but the rumble of the engine as the party is driving back home after the kangaroo hunt.  Just fantastic.
I got a lot of respect for Robert Rodriguez. His work ethic and his skills across multiple areas of filmmaking are just... I mean, a guy who writes, directs, edits, produces, scores and even helps with the visual fx on his films. That's a lot of passion and love for his craft right there.  Just look at his credits on imdb for his own films. Nuts.  http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0001675/?ref_=nv_sr_1  Edit: AND lights them too. A guy who totally deserves the title of maverick.
Check out this VFX breakdown of [Gone Girl.] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvwS_E91fZA) Lots of great stuff in there.
I used to like Armagaeddon. I watched it again recently and ah... yeah I don't like Armagaeddon.
[This scene in Little Children is always a gut-punch.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zm7-Lg0kWfk) Especially impressive given the context
Directing - The Fine Arts of Blocking and Composition