Life   I may be an atheist but in the back of my mind i will always hope that i am wrong about the afterlife due to the fact that life after death terrifies me and i will never fully understand my own mortality. The surreal thought of life ending and there being nothing cripples me with fear. I am a human with my own unique life that enjoys many things but in the end none of that matters because after life i am nothing but someone who has once existed. Its been raining a lot lately and im kinda hungry.
I like fun skins that also may make the champ seem out if character so gentlemen Cho'gath is by far my favorite skin for him. For some reason i just love that skin and always makes the game fun if the skin is in the game. It's one of those skins that i just love seeing around.
Thats rad as fuck
Yea i mean im sorta in the same boat. A bit different but the feeling is the same. The only thing ive done is just try to look foward and forget that she existed like she did to me. Maybe i did rely on her too much for my happiness but damn did i feel something that i have never felt before.  Just look foward, not meaning the future, but foward as in the next day. The next month. The things you couldnt do with her. Do all the things you use to do with people. Be you. Be confident with your ability to do all the things you've been doing in the dark on and off for the last 20 years. Life sucks. Im lonely. Im sad. The only thing left is to try to maybe grow to like myself and live a miserable life with a little content.  If anything, do not kill yourself. I have also tried to kiss death's lips and have them lure me to a place i thought i wanted to be. It is never painless and will only cause yourself to hate yourself more. Im horrible at giving any sort of advice but i tried my best. Ive been up for about 23 hours so i may have butchered some stuff on here.
Thank you!
Oh okay so it was more their influence than actual music. I wad going to say i can maybe see some songs being close but not necessarily the band its self. Thank you.
Its rad. I picked up TWIABP's Whenever if ever, josh is dead, and deer leap split. Also Tigers Jaw self titled and Pity sex Feast of love. They have great stuff on the distro.
Really liking Not like igor. Thank for the links
I am extremely unattractive, physically and in my personality. I always fuck everything up and care too much. I always say nothing when i should have said something. I am devoured by fear, shame, and anxiety. I have been abused by all the people i held close. Maybe i deserved it. I have a thin line between empathy and apathy. I either care too much or not at all. I am a horrible person that never wonders why anyone else is sad. I only focus on the pain thats mine. I always think horrible things that make me only hate myself. My self esteem is gone. I do not like anything about myself. Im so damn ugly in everyway. I dislike the way i push everyone away and i hste that i isolate myself. Im so alone and its all my fault. I want to die is the most brutal way. I want to suffer. I deserve it.
That's cool. Collecting skate decks is pretty fun and they do make great decorations. I would hate to fuck them up.
Thank you. You seem like a very strong person if you were able to make it past this. I hope things look up for you too my friend.
Yea, I heard great things about them. I just don't have time to check them out. Do they have a similar sound as sorority noise?
Halo 4 custom games? Anyone interested?   I wanted to know if anyone would be interested doing a big team battle, CTF, etc.. custom games. Just on the normal maps with normal game modes. Maybe get a whole lobby of people. Possibly even play different custom game modes. I haven't played in a while and just want to play custom games.
No battle toads.
Question about older console on new T.V.   I'm sorry if this does not belong here, but recently i set up my old gamecube on my 42'' Vizio, and the picture is very blurry. Not only is it blurry, the borders are messed up. Ex. The damage meter(or whatever it is called) on Super Smash brothers. It Is out of the picture. This makes it sorta difficult to play certain games. How do you fix this? Sorry if this doesn't belong here. If needed direct me where to go for help.
YES!!