Good questions- My advice is to join a startup for a year while applying and see if you like it.  Stanford is very flexible and a number of students are juggling startups and class if they are interested in both.  Plus, a year goes very quickly.  You will gain valuable insight into the world of work and learn what you like to do in a more practical sense.  I'd look at LinkedIn and read widely on TechCrunch and blogs to see what companies appeal to you.  Also, check out venture capital portfolio companies to get an idea for what is in the marketplace now.  My best advice is to find great people to work with!  You will never be "biding time" if you are working with great people who will invest in your learning and growth - regardless of specific business context.   Good luck!
Thanks for the question.  There is huge potential for scientists and business leaders to work together in more seamless ways.  Bob Langer, pioneer of drug delivery systems and human tissue engineering and founder of the Langer Lab at MIT, is a wonderful example of success at this intersection.  Bob has cofounded 25 companies that have scaled to over $100 million in annual revenue.  He has also licensed technology to over 250 larger pharma companies.  Check out his model as an example.   Specific to your question, one of the things underestimated by scientists (and new entrepreneurs) is the significance of funding. Startups need more funding often than they anticipate and one of the main factors related to startup failure is running out of funding.  Technical transfer and patent law is another area that needs close consideration.  There is huge potential in bringing research into the marketplace!  Scientists and researchers need to first and foremost find good business partners.
This is Amy.  On your first question 1) I would recommend reading Zero to One by Peter Thiel.  It is a solid entrepreneurship book written by one of the great Silicon Valley entrepreneurs and venture capitalists.  There is also solid research around curiosity by George Loewenstein of Carnegie Mellon that I would recommend!     On your second question 2) I would say that love of people and ideas is what fuels my research.  Curiosity is also a big part of it for me - and for the 200 entrepreneurs I interviewed for my book.  When you love your work, it is easier to stay motivated and to take the setbacks that inevitably arise along the path to success.  Good luck!
Thanks for the description but send me an email.  Was like a small town - I am sure your name will ring a bell.  Ian, by any chance?
So much interesting work going on with respect to sodium batteries, flow batteries (liquid reagents = liquid batteries that you can refill), and other variants, as well as hydrogen fuels and related storage, etc.  Toshiba was pushing methanol-based fuel cells for portable electronics a few years ago, but that has become dormant, but not dead, in my opinion.  If the energy storage is stationary, heavy is not hugely problematic, but expensive and hard to maintain, that's not good, and needs improvement.  Companies like Tesla have re-energized the field of battery research, and we see many hundreds of manuscripts on batteries of all different flavors.  Hard to say what is going to come out a winner in this busy area.
I must have spaced out and not pressed "save" because I answered this earlier.  If this answer is redundant, I apologize.  What I wrote earlier was that (corny alert) being an editor is really interesting, thanks to all the diverse science I get to read every single day, and due to the incredibly energetic people I am lucky enough to work with, either directly or indirectly, such as my fabulous students, our editors, authors, and editors of other journals who are awe-inspiring, such as Prashant Kamat, Paul Weiss, Laura Kiessling, Kirk Schanze, and others.  I feel obliged to not let people down, and so while it happens that while juggling balls I misjudge and let some fall, you pick them up and keep going.  If I have 2 minutes, 5 minutes, 10 minutes 'free', I try to use it for something (see what new papers have come in, work on a figure for a paper, scan Twitter, etc).  At the end of the day when my brain is like scrambled eggs, I go running 4-5 times/week and that helps.  Family says I am much nicer after the run, which is probably true.  I try to get in about 1-2 hours of work in the evening, which helps a lot - doesn't feel so much like work if it's fun.
I agree that it is not easy, and I wish that I had a shining future to describe.  Some of my best graduates have stayed in Canada, but others went to US companies, and to start labs in China. That said, there is a realization that pushing fossil fuels, climate-be-damned, is not a viable business approach in the long run, and thus even big oil companies are launching renewable energy divisions that actually seem serious (as many are in the US, Europe). I have my fingers crossed that things are changing - certainly the political landscape is changing, which bodes well.
I do say to fusion scientists/colleagues, with a tiny bit of good nature, that we already have an amazingly powerful fusion reactor, and that of course is the sun.  That said, I personally admire the idea of fusion, and support the research ongoing at ITER (https://www.iter.org) and other places, but since the first experiments are not going to even be run until 2027, I would like to see us effectively use our single biggest source of energy at our disposal - solar energy hitting terrestrial earth, all the time.    There has been, however, press about Lockheed Martin being on the verge of portable fusion:  http://lockheedmartin.ca/us/products/compact-fusion.html  http://www.eweek.com/news/lockheed-martin-claims-sustainable-fusion-is-within-its-grasp.html  Wish that I knew more about that. The details are being kept quiet.
Agreed - in many jurisdictions, solar is cost-competitive with legacy fossil fuels.
Agreed that if you are still using fossil fuels to generate electricity, then the savings with respect to CO2 emissions are not great.  Automotive people do say, however, that electric cars are more efficient with respect to energy usage as the pesky heat problems in a combustion engine are basically non-existent.  So, there are some savings with respect to energy usage/CO2 emissions if you use an electric car. But, as for your question about the Powerwall, as a stand-alone battery, it's not ideal.    But, others see the Powerwall as a baby step towards the long range goal, which is renewable electricity generation interfaced with a home energy storage system.  Here is a Toyota home prototype "Smart House".  Of course this is a demo, but people are thinking, and trying things out.    http://www.toyota-global.com/innovation/environmental_technology/plugin_hybrid/magazine05.htmlglo  I love this idea - having these concepts on the shelf are important.
It is fascinating to watch the trends moving through science, particularly through the energy fields.  Over the past two decades, the big thing was dye sensitized solar cells (DSSCs), the really neat architecture first published by Graetzel at EPFL in 1991.  Then along came organic photovoltaics (plastic solar cells), which have enormous potential, but also have lifetime issues (it is obviously bad if your solar cell degrades in the sun!).  For the past few years, perovskites, of the composition CH3NH3PbX3 (where X is a halide = Cl, Br, I) have been the darling of the research field.  These materials have been sitting under our noses for decades, and perhaps even a century, and it was only in 2009, and then 2012, that the right combinations of materials were assembled to produce high efficiency solar cells.  Very large numbers of experimental papers are being published.  For lead references, have a look at the following websites of these (mostly) experimental groups:  Website of Henry Snaith (Oxford): https://www2.physics.ox.ac.uk/research/photovoltaic-and-optoelectronic-device-group  Website of Prashant Kamat (Notre Dame): http://www3.nd.edu/~kamatlab/  Website of Michael Graetzel (EPFL): http://lpi.epfl.ch  All of the research areas I mentioned above have enormous potential, and many smart people are working on them, around the world.  Good to see.
Both! Depends. How terrible an answer is that?  Let me give you a few scenarios - in northern Canada, we have thousands of isolated communities that generate electricity locally using diesel-powered generators; the diesel is driven up on ice roads in the winter, and the cost per kWh is ridiculous - $ 0.35 kWh to $1 kWh.  Even if they can only use solar for 6 months of the year during their very long summer days and the tails on either end, it would save a lot of money, not to mention the associated CO2 emissions.    The Sahara has been considered many, many times, as an enormous solar farm to generate power for Africa and Europe, but political instability and inefficiencies have stood in the way. In this piece by Nate Lewis in the Materials Research Society Bulletin, called "Powering the Planet", he quotes the Sutton Principle: True or not, the story goes that when the clean-cut, polite bank robber, Willy Sutton was caught, he was asked by a reporter why he robbed banks. His response: "Because that is where the money is".  The Sahara and other desert areas are huge sources of energy; our planet is small, and the population continues to grow and industrialize, so eventually we will get our ducks in a row and use it.  We will have to.    nsl.caltech.edu/_media/energy:ptp-mrs-bulletin-oct-2007.pdf  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Desertec http://www.voanews.com/content/solar-power-plant-in-africa-to-supply-europe/2500171.html
Now that is funny.  Those poor little fish, but we never really caught many, did we?  And no, but science was always what mattered.
There is a revolution going on in the materials/energy field that is taking place as a result of recent developments in computational methods.  Alan Asparu-Guzik's Clean Energy Project, which you mention, is incredibly interesting thanks to the power of distributed computing, but I should also mention materials genomics.  Kristin Persson and Gerbrand Ceder founded The Materials Project, which could revolutionize the search for materials. To quote the website directly: "Harnessing the power of supercomputing and state of the art electronic structure methods, the Materials Project provides open web-based access to computed information on known and predicted materials as well as powerful analysis tools to inspire and design novel materials."  https://www.materialsproject.org  This approach is really cool.
Hydrogen fuel, when pressurized, has the same energy density as liquid hydrocarbons.  H2 can be generated via solar-driven water splitting, and when H2 is burned (either directly, or via a fuel cell), it produces only H2O, which is carbon neutral.  Here are a few useful links:  The Sustainocene: era of personalized energy: Daniel Nocera at TEDxCaFoscariU https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u92O8LSkezY  Keep an eye on this younger upstart in the solar fuels field (Curtis Berlinguette): http://people.ucalgary.ca/~cberling/  And his company, Firewater Fuels: http://www.fwfuel.com  A detailed chemistry-focused review by Nocera is this one: Solar Energy Supply and Storage for the Legacy and Nonlegacy Worlds http://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/cr100246c
Storage, of course, is a huge issue.  For solar, the two big problems, of course, are clouds and the diurnal cycle of the earth (i.e., night!).  In addition, for mobile applications, storage is essential at all times. It is interesting to watch what is going on with respect to solar-powered water splitting (electrolysis of water) to generate hydrogen.  What I will call the "Dan Nocera/Nate Lewis" vision is one of cheap solar cells that generate electricity to split water into hydrogen and oxygen; the hydrogen can be stored in a tank under your lawn, under a park, village square, etc, and then fed back into inexpensive fuel cells to generate electricity on demand.  Some good overview links include: Nocera TEDx talk: (http://tedxtalks.ted.com/video/The-Sustainocene-era-of-perso-2), Lewis Lab: (http://nsl.caltech.edu/energy).