One interesting possibility is that trans teens will be less depressed if they know it's not a case of being in the "wrong body". From the conclusion: Transgender youth are aware of the incongruence between their internal gender identity and their assigned sex at early ages.
Gut worms protect babies' brains from inflammation
the animals...they're trying to tell us something
Coaches can be a strong influence in preventing football injuries, new study finds
False.  http://m.snopes.com/man-arrested-for-alligator-sex/
You don't know how to read. Let me help: The scientists ran an in-depth statistical analysis to find out whether pesticides, human land use or other factors may have contributed to declining bumblebee populations over the past century. And the answer is clearly nowe checked this carefully, Pindar says. They are impacted by climate change and these effects are already very large and widespread.  That's a quote in this article, from the lead author on the new study, published in the most prestigious scientific journal in the world. They confirmed through statistical analyses that climate change and NOT pesticides or land use were to blame.
TIFU by inviting over my coworkers' dead father.   Obligatory: this happened just now and I'm still wallowing in shame, but not badly enough to wait until it wears off to write a post  I keep a bunch of dinosaur toys on my desk at work. There's a triceratops and a stegosaurus. I expect every intelligent person to know the difference between the two but, just in case you don't [here's a handy explanation](http://dinosaurs.findthedata.com/compare/255-278/Stegosaurus-vs-Triceratops). Right. So my desk-mate pointed to the triceratops this morning and asked if it was a stegosaurus. Rather than smacking him for not being a paleontologist, I gave a super dank explanation:   "No," said I. "It's a tricerotops. Cuz it's got tri, three, ceras on its tops!". So witty. So cool. That's why I'm the king of the workplace.  Meanwhile, another coworker walked by. He said, hey, thats what my Dad used to say when he was describing tricerotops. Now, a social adept person would have heard the phrase what my Dad used to say and figured there might be more to the story. Not me.   Hey!" said I. "Thats awesome. Your Dad is awesome. Lets invite him to the office! Why has he never been here before? Cant wait to meet your dad!! He rocks.   My coworker just stared at me sadly and walked away. Turns out his Dad is dead, and the triceratops thing was a fond childhood memory, not an invitation to remind him of his loss. Oops.  TL;DR Invited coworkers dead father to the office. Ruined a happy childhood memory involving dinosaurs. Clarified stegosaurus vs triceratops once and for all.
Can flying fish fly?
Here's the original study: http://js.sagamorepub.com/jlr/article/view/5682
So, you quit using Reddit?
huh. that's a good point. we should really say "newly discovered species". A newly discovered species really can't be THAT new...
By the way, here's the complete study (no paywall): https://peerj.com/articles/1011/
Here's the [original study](http://jama.jamanetwork.com/article.aspx?articleid=2275444) published today in JAMA. Excerpt: "A retrospective cohort study using an administrative claims database associated with a large commercial health plan. Participants included children continuously enrolled in the health plan from birth to at least 5 years of age during 2001-2012 who also had an older sibling continuously enrolled for at least 6 months between 1997 and 2012...In this large sample of privately insured children with older siblings, receipt of the MMR vaccine was not associated with increased risk of ASD, regardless of whether older siblings had ASD. These findings indicate no harmful association between MMR vaccine receipt and ASD even among children already at higher risk for ASD."
Yeah, a lot of what you just said is wrong.   *Tidally locked*: No. Atmospheres can keep a planet twirling. Source: http://www.popularmechanics.com/space/deep-space/a33/earth-like-exoplanets-around-dwarf-stars/  *Strong magnetic fields*: This is often claimed alongside the 'fact' that Red Dwarfs also have more violent reactions. But both are only true for young Red Dwarfs. And those stars last for an incredibly long time, compared to our own star.
...but nobody lost quite as spectacularly as the sage grouse.
Researchers have sequenced the genome of the coffee tree. After comparing coffee genes with those of other caffeine producers, they conclude that the ability to make caffeine arose independently at least twice.