You know, it's funny you should mention silver bullets. Before he passed out, T kept saying,"I swear to god, it was a skinwalker..."  Now, I laughed at him, but I heard it too. It did sound like it teleported from the neighbors shed to the side of my house. But, like I wrote, it sounded a bit lower in pitch, making me and G pretty sure, there were at least 2.
Do it!
Hey OP! If you would like answers, go ask them at r/exmormon. They will use critical thinking and logic to help answer questions you are having. Might sound crazy to ask people who have left, but they are quite nice and you will find that you aren't alone. When someone tells you to just rely on the church for answers when many things the church asks you to rely upon can be proven false, then is the time to think critically. Any church can bring a burning of the bosom, but facts lead to actual truth.
Hope they reply to you. This guy said they'd fix this issue for me and my Boyfriend who is currently owed back clams. And so far, nothing. I don't want to play if I can't bank clams, I don't have that kind of dough to play this game otherwise. Hell, I don't have a job at the moment, I am looking but where I live it doesn't look like I'll be able to afford it after I start working again. It is really expensive.
I made a subreddit! Go to r/groundzeromedia If you are interested. Obviously I am the mod, so if you have any ideas, let me know!
OMG I am SO Happy with everything I received in my package! I am already having fun watching Sherri and Terri talk in their "secret language" and can't wait to see what comes next! Thank you Therealkinghomer! You've made my experience with Tapped Out even MORE enjoyable than ever :) Also, Happy Whacking Day!!!
I am here for knowledge. :)
That's right. I mean, I don't do the stuff myself. But I don't think it inherently makes one bad or a druggie if they occasionally enjoy a sniff or two.
You are most welcome, Bangaa! I only share what I love :)
Yeah, I've heard it's really nice. I would have to get a car on a friday night to do that...yah...not happening lol
Honestly, I wouldn't have said anything, but the more I am on this subreddit, the more upset I get with the spewing out of info by people who have obviously no idea what they are talking. I've studied the phenomena of UFO's (and other paranormal things), and I really hone in on the facts that can be derived. This case is so chock full of facts that it's hard to see people say "it's been debunked", or some silly uneducated, almost trollish, response. I realize being a jerk won't win friends, but there is a reason lots of people do leave this subreddit. I'd like to see it flourish, the way it truly should. I didn't mean to offend.
People are meat. I'd have no issue with this, however, you should be aware, I don't find it sexual. I just really love meat and would love me some long pork. Mmmm yes ;)
My immediate reaction was to try really hard to remember what I was seeing because I knew I'd never see it again and I had to tell someone. So I paid attention. Seriously. I felt like I had to stay calm, and I just kept driving, part of me wonders if I didn't partly have shock.
You hit the nail on the head. It is ending. I can't help but feel responsible for it since what my needs are are vastly different from his. I thought my urges would go away but they are only getting stronger and I had tried suppression. Heh. that SO did NOT work. But you are right, the communication is nil. I live with a man that I don't know, sometimes I feel like I'm a stranger around him.
Like I stated before, I might not want it 24/7 if he would play with me even a little. I am beyond the point of making excuses for him. He just simply WILL NOT PLAY. I am 100% ok with doing what ever he wants. But that has to end, b/c I ALWAYS do what he wants and the most crazy thing we do is "lets stand and fuck". I'm not kidding. I wish I were.  BTW: It took us a long time and my bff yelling at him to realize that its actually important to get the girl off. Otherwise he would just roll over and sleep and tell me to "finish myself". He's starting to do that again.  As for your wife, I'd say start with small things. Leather paddle maybe, or even some restraints tied to a bed. Just her arms then, if she likes that, you can move to the legs being tied up. You could blindfold her and really go to town haha!! Just make sure she feels safe. That is your number one goal!! Good Luck!!
This kinda shit has always bothered me. Even Amish know to bring their families into the hospital, dr, dentist if someone should need it. These people are just batshit insane and one step away from having a 'Children Under The Stairs' scenario.  /Everyone knows The Flying Spaghetti Monster DOES NOT FAITH-HEAL