A Visit To The Republic of Samsung  For South Koreans, it's almost impossible to get through a day without interacting with Samsung Corp. See how this powerful company permeates all aspects of life here.
The world's oldest complete copy of the Ten Commandments is going on rare display at Israel's leading museum in an exhibit tracing civilization's most pivotal moments.
Great longread: "How did the candidate of hope and change turn into the president of secret kill lists, drone strikes hitting civilians, and immunity for torturers? The answer may lie in his relationship with the CIA director, a career bureaucrat turned quiet architect of a morally murky national security policy who isnt going to let a little thing like getting caught spying on the Senate bring him down."
Why You Shouldn't Celebrate The Collapse Of Comcast's Bid For Time Warner Cable  U.S. consumers are now likely to get their service from increasingly leveraged providers.
We've heard plenty of opinions about how Americans feel about "American Sniper." A reporter spoke to some moviegoers in Baghdad to see what they thought. Surprising mix of reactions.
Red Light Jihad: Islamic insurgency in Thailands strangest party town (2014)
Source: journalist [Ioan Grillo](http://www.globalpost.com/dispatch/news/regions/americas/mexico/140930/how-mexican-drug-war-vigilantes-cartels-diy-tanks)
Putin's 'girlfriend' Alina Kabayeva to head pro-Kremlin media group. Former Olympic gymnastics champion to quit as MP in Russian president's party to take control of National Media Group.
Barnes   Noble teams up with Google for same-day book delivery
How the Ebola outbreak turned into a racism and responsibility debate. Should the experimental drugs that have been given to two Americans be sent to Liberia? This potentially life-and-death debate is raging as the disease continues to claim lives in West Africa.
Qatar World Cup: migrants wait a year to be paid for building offices. Migrant workers who built luxury offices used by Qatar's 2022 football World Cup organisers have told the Guardian they have not been paid for more than a year and are now working illegally from cockroach-infested lodgings.
Political, legal, and financial factors appear to have also figured prominently in resolving the impasse in the 16-month-long custody battle over Connecticut teenager Justina Pelletier, and, some child welfare specialists argue, the factors may have played outsized roles.
Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb said Friday it was responsible for a recent attack on the home of Tunisia's interior minister that killed four policemen, the first such claim in the country.
Al Qaeda-linked insurgents capture Iraq's second city - Sunni Islamist insurgents seized control of Iraq's second largest city of Mosul early on Tuesday in a spectacular show of strength against the Shi'ite-led government, which called on parliament to declare a state of emergency.
Fair, fair, you didn't say that. I also didn't say the market was the sole cause. The problems we face with health care are obviously very, very complicated. But it also doesn't make sense to ignore the multiple competing interests and parties involved in designing the ACA and in rolling it out when we say things like "the ACA is a disaster."   I suppose I just don't see how we can have BOTH a for-profit health care industry and a governmental attempt to lower cost and spread coverage to more people at the expense of industry profit. The incentives are at cross-purposes.
Prairie Dog Companion.