Sounds like a damn problem/hostile family to me. With multiple complaints since 2005 they're lucky their asses weren't out on the street. Now with them being hostile who's to say that the dog wasn't set upon the officers? Also we're only getting one side of the story.  Yeah I know down vote city is coming because I'm not going along with the nationwide phenomenon of cop bashing.
Knew multiple people that knew Taylor, and when they put the word out about the car being found I rushed up. I'm the big guy they kept showing on 2. Anyway I hope they hang this fucker by the nuts and let us take him out the same way.
I always love when you tell them that and they call you the dumbass like yeeeeah ok.
IMO if I have to sign a release form to buy a mod it'd say to me that the shop doesn't really have confidence in what they're selling. Yes, I know in the business world it's saving your ass but in the consumer world it raises an eyebrow.
Congrats! That's great that it's helping you, and also great that your Dr.'s are informed enough to have no problem with it.   Welcome to the sub glad to have ya.
Same here.
Name?
You seem to have the passion and the drive to learn this trade. Being the bosses kid I can see where people might think you have a chip on your shoulder but I say screw em. Do this for you and you alone. For the pain working out and aleve helped a hell of a lot. Good luck with this.
Not to sound mean buy you either have no balls and letting the Chef walk all over you or you don't know any better and should find another line of work like was previously stated. I suggest that you stand up to the chef and believe me there's a chance of mad respect.  When I was still green under the collar in this industry I had a coworker be a dick towards me everyday, and one day the Chef himself pulled me aside and said don't let him walk all over you. Next day I grew the balls and got major respect from the Chef and the other guys.
Was a KM once at a Mom   Pop place because nobody else wanted the job or work for that matter so I know what you're going through.   What i wish somebody would have told me is to get a key to the place in order to let the delivery guys in. I lived right across the street from the place and would see them show up but couldn't do shit because I never could get ahold of the owner. Had many orders that we had to go next door to the quick shop and buy sodas because the Pepsi guy couldn't deliver.
It reminds me of Chumlee from Pawn Stars. Any other time the guy is a few fries short of a Happy Meal but you start talking to him about something he loves and is passionate about and he will blow your mind with his knowledge. Take Gavin and his love of camera work and he could school you I guarantee.
Been having problems with them for the past month trying to get the bills on time as well as the rest of the mail. For 2 weeks straight nobody on my street got mail on Thursday. Just did an exchange and saw where my gift was sent USPS and tracked it like a hawk. Thankfully it came in one piece undamaged. Sucks that this happened but glad it was in one piece. I do have an 800 # for their customer service if you'd want it.
That's almost Prime grade marbling right there. Very beautiful pieces.
My best friend happens to be a girl I had a thing for back in high school, and last night I stayed over at her house to keep an eye on her(long story I don't want to post on reddit). Well while not being able to sleep I got to thinking about how right after HS graduation I got real down in the dumps because I chickened out on telling her how I felt about her thus thinking I lost the opportunity for good. Long story short I got a second chance and she has known for a few years.
The story I heard on the scanner was they jumped through the sunroof and weren't moving. Then all of a sudden they say he's conscious and alert. Even called the newsroom at 2 to tell them this but they kept saying that he died. Did tried to change the title here and take out fatality but haha turns out you can't edit titles.
OMG How dare you say something so morbid. BTW you gave me the wrong change.