Definitely hit this place: [Il Gelato Di Carlotta ](http://www.yelp.com/biz/il-gelato-di-carlotta-niagara-on-the-lake-2). I've been working my way through their flavors for a while now and have yet to have one that isn't amazing.
Thanks. The guy's life story was so heart breaking and his music was so beautiful that he really deserves more recognition.
I only know what is in the video... I assume you're talking about the guy in Michigan. There's been a discussion about him on /conspiracy the last couple of days. I don't know the facts of his case beyond what he is claiming, but he definitely seems to be making choices that are not coming from a calm, rational place.
While it doesn't go nearly far enough, I was actually surprised that they did distribute their criticism. Here's the line from the report on the US:    There were worrying revelations by whistleblower, Edward Snowden that US intelligence agents spied on prominent human rights   organisations. Law enforcement authorities were accused of heavy-  handedness and intimidation of protestors following demonstrations   against discriminatory treatment by police of African-Americans.  They could have gone on at length about how corporate interests have created legalized corruption that circumvents democracy, but maybe that makes the sequel.
Catastrophic food shortages, growing demand and riots: Government-backed researchers predict society will collapse  within 25 years
A lot has been played down by the authorities especially the danger posed by the central core. I see a number of directions where cover ups seem to be occurring. Fish stocks in the Pacific are badly effected. Children in many parts of Japan outside of Fukushima are showing higher than normal rates of cancer. US naval personnel who assisted post tsunami have had some very unusual occurrences of leukemia and other illnesses.
Sorry to hear about that. A lot of what drives my interest in military issues is how Vietnam vets were treated when I was a kid. I used to talk with a lot of those guys and it pissed me off for life.  Gulf War syndrome was very widespread and played down. The official explanation was that soldiers got sick from burning oil fumes. The reality was there were a lot of chemicals released/bombed. The whole region was and is a toxic wasteland. Which reminds me, I've been meaning to post some stuff on depleted uranium.
Thanks! Much appreciated.
Then you're one of the lucky ones. And seriously, good for you. I have no problem with that. But some of the places I've been in America have been disheartening in the extreme. Places where all the jobs have been sucked out and sent abroad and the local police maintain law and order by basically considering all the poor people who are left there as criminals. We could do a lot better than this.
And speaking of Squeaky Fromme, you might appreciate this. After she got let out of prison, she settled near Lake Champlain, my old neck of the woods. A news crew trapped her in the parking lot of a Walmart with predictably hilarious results: (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t5JEUlD0Z5A)  America, you couldn't make it up.
True story, I swear... my wife and I were driving through Maine and went into Kennebunkport where the Bush family has its summer home. We drove past the road leading to their compound, and there were like a dozen vultures at the entrance chewing on the carcass of some dead animal. There's just something about the guy.
Yes we are. Martial law has many layers, and we've been living under it since WW1. There have been decades long programs to keep people under control. This goes back to the violent suppression of socialist and anarchist groups in 1918 by the Bureau of Investigation, precursor to the FBI. Eddie Bernays work in propaganda and later PR was massively connected to dissuading people from radical politics by promoting consumerism. Our society has been deliberately kept docile and apolitical.  Troops on the street are a manifestation of the existing reality. They come out when the powers that be feel they are useful. Just because troops are not on the ground during certain periods, don't be fooled into thinking that there's no martial law.
Thanks, will give that a look. I tend not to see this as a left or right thing. I think it is an ideology that infected people across the spectrum. Mostly it seems to be driven by worship at the altar of technological efficiency. But I'll check it out.
Now you people are just getting creepy.
But what became referred to as Lyme disease after 1975, while sharing characteristics of earlier tick borne bacterial infections was on another level. You hear about rashes and skin conditions in Europe that look like the Lyme rash, but as far as I know, they don't have anywhere near the severity especially with the arthritic like pain that happens now. And there's weird stuff with personality shifts that suggest neurological impairment. If this stuff existed before, I would honestly like to read about it. I just suspect this bacteria was somehow weaponized.
Personally I became interested conspiracy stuff in the 80s because of the sixties assassinations and the CIA. I knew about MKULTRA earlier than a lot of people because my university was a major site of MKUTRA research not to mention CIA weapons development. I developed a big interest in researchers from the sixties who published in underground papers and magazines like Paul Krassner's The Realist, Ramparts, The East Village Other and many others. They are still very readable and depressingly relevant and I encourage anyone to seek them out especially since a lot of these publications are reappearing on the web in digitized form. Mae Brussell's radio show was great. Still worth listening to and every bit as controversial as it was thirty or forty years ago.  As for UFO stuff, as far as I remember, there was a shift in the 90s to that being about abductions and government intrigue. Into the 80s, although people started to talk about Roswell and Area 51, UFOs were still largely considered benign. No one cared about Bush pere when he was VP, but everyone started talking about the New World Order as soon as he became Prez. I still don't think people have ever focused anywhere near enough on his tenure at the CIA. He oversaw a transition to electronic warfare/surveillance which defines our current world. Then of course there was a huge amount of focus in the 80s on satanic cults in the aftermath of the son of Sam and Jonestown.