Email sent. I'm just kinda frustrated since I ordered a sling from vtac at the same exact time and its here already, whereas the wrap seems to have not even been shipped yet. Granted VTAC is in TN not out west.
Yeah I was thinking give them till the end of the week. Given the wrap was $19.95 and shipping was $20 I'm just a little impatient.
Grandmother says this revolver was owned by her grandfather. It's a US Revolver Co. .38 S W 5-shot top break revolver with pearl-looking grips. It's not in immaculate condition but I'd love some more information if any revolver guys could help me out. I have the serial number as well but I'd rather not post that so publicly.
So down
You poor bastard lol I'm lucky mine hasn't gotten to that point yet. Yet.
Oh I know, mines starting to bubble over the rear wheels. Tossing around the full bedliner treatment but I love that red too much... the woes of toyota ownership...
I agree with you for sure, love that low end. I'd love to see that little turbodiesel they've got in Australia make its way into the U.S. But yeah the frame can be a problem. Took mine to the local stealership this year and they did a full inspection. Ended up getting a new undercoat on toyota's dime.
Yeah reach out to the national baja SAE folks and maybe some of the advisors/instructors in mechanical and civil engineering if your school offers those specialties. Or even contact some other schools and ask how they got theirs started.
looks sharp, clean as hell. just need a nice bumper for it
makes me wanna get my CMP on
Not sure what the handguard in the brownells ad is, but rainier arms makes a similar looking model called the evolution, its a samson product rebranded I believe. To answer your second question, the barrel length doesn't have as much to do with the handguard as you might think, so long as you're using a low profile gas block. If you're using a railed block or one with an integrated front sight post it's best to match your handguard length to the length of your gas tube. These are typically pistol, carbine, mid, rifle and extended. For example, a standard m4 type 16" barrel will most frequently have a carbine length gas system, which would require a handguard in the neighborhood of 7" (from the front face of the upper receiver to the gas block shoulder). This link may help you out some if my explanation was unclear:  http://blog.cheaperthandirt.com/ar-15-gas-system-identification-guide/
Busted off legs and engines but I finally made it damnit
check out that ASStronaut
Sorry for the disregard, everyone, stopped at the local hardware store and picked up 3 different o-ring sizes (don't ask me which, i just eyeballed them off the wall basically). Slipped the largest one i got on there nice and tight and, what do you know, slop gone. Thanks for saving me the $35 folks.
Old labs are more handsome
Shot placement. Shot placement. Shot placement.