Thank you, I've been having a lot of fun with it! We spend most Sundays in the summer working on it at my friends shop, he just got his this so he hasn't put much into it, just some work into the engine and interior audio.... all stuff you can't really see in a single picture hahaha.  looks like I should post an album of some of the work in the future! :)
He literally only tried to hold her with him for a matter of seconds. He was all "baby come on don't worry don't worry" and then let her go when she got pissed.   I mean honestly, she was very aware that she was being analy fucked. And if it wasn't consensual there were plenty of people around that she could have told lol. She was definitely into it before it became fucking shameful.
Posted it, check my profile!
Yesterday I posted an olive and feta crusted chicken and a few people wanted the recipe, so here it is! Straight out of the book. I had used green olives instead for a nicer colour.
Every day girl
Epic pic haha! I love thay you introduced her to it and she ended up loving it, its so great when things work out perfectly like that :) im happy for you two, keep in keepin on :)
He walked in eating a cheeseburger hahaha
Not a problem haha. Ill just give my boyfriend my order. He's 22 so he'll have no problem.
It's your national bird right? And traditionally yes it should, but as you can see this isn't traditional in the strictest sense, its more so inspired by a quetzal and left to some interpretation from my artist. I kept the green because it's my absolute favourite colour and 70% of the bird is green, but I wanted to play with the other colours a bit. I'm not a huge fan of red either (surrounded by it as a kid) so that was the first colour I bumped.
Yeah I found it originally as a chalk drawing and loved it! Searched up the artist and saw the blurb and then was of course sure to switch it up and give my artist her own personal freedom on the piece. It translated into a tattoo really well!
actually safest with him :)
thanks for defending me! You understood exactly. I didn't claim it was original and I know others dress similarly because it's a pretty typical attire at raves now, but I still think it can be made into a lot of fun and creativity. You can't see it in the picture but i'm also wearing a homemade mask and light up bow. So it's crafting too!
teeth gritting?
And i take that as a huge compliment haha. I'm really flattered thank you :)
i may be somewhat biased because i absolutely LOVE facial hair, but i really do think it suits you quite well! I would keep it, you have the kind of look that needs a nice manly beard. Not enough me grow em these days! wear it proud :)
They do seem to be common and I have always wasted one, but that is the way I should be looking at it i suppose. My jaw gives me a very round/oval face and I have mixed feelings about that. But thank you a lot it's reassuring to receive comments like this! :)