Many of the protesters are pushing for legislative change. They want future prosecutions of officers to be conducted by special prosecutors. While the protest does raise awareness, it is also an attempt to force legislative change. Also, it is a peaceful way for many to release their anger and frustration.
I have never practiced in Missouri so I can't speak to everything that happened in that case. But I do have the added benefit of being able to review [the minutes and evidence](http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2014/11/25/us/evidence-released-in-michael-brown-case.html) because it was released publicly. From the minutes and evidence I think the Grand Jury in Darren Wilson's case made the wrong decision but it was not as clear cut as the case here appears to be. There were conflicting eye witness testimony and forensic reports. Here, there is a pretty clear cut video of the incident.  The problem I have with the Darren Wilson case is that he was given special treatment. I do not know Missouri law on whether a defendant can testify in front of the Grand Jury so I'll refrain from commenting on that aspect. The prosecution treated him with kid gloves which normally does not happen. They did not really challenge his story or ask for significant clarification about his description of events that seemed unlikely or contradicted witness testimony. Other defendants would never be so lucky. The prosecution conducted a mini trial in the Grand Jury by presenting pro-defense evidence, witnesses, and theories. As a criminal defense attorney I fully support doing so and it is something we always complain about prosecutors not doing. The problem arises here because they never do that for any other defendants. I also highly doubt that any other non-cop, non-politician defendant that comes after Officer Wilson will be given the same treatment. The prosecution knew exactly what they were doing. They gave Darren Wilson special treatment.
Ex-Brooklyn Prosecutor Charles J. Hynes Accused of Misuse of Funds (X-Post from /r/politics)
I am a criminal defense attorney. I have never wanted any of my clients to be committed no matter how guilty he/she may be and no matter how serious the crime alleged. Any attorneys that want their clients convicted should not being representing those clients. It is my job to represent my client to the best of my ability regardless of the crime alleged. Once you forget that it is time for you to retire or change practices. We are an essential part of the justice system and it is important that we uphold our clients' constitutional rights. We have incredible weights on our shoulders; the system would be an even bigger failure if we acted in any other fashion.
You're welcome. As a public defender maybe this [site](http://whatthepublicdefender.tumblr.com/) will cheer you up if you have not already seen it.
Longtime Chief Spokesman of Police Department Will Step Down
Yes a portable breathalyzer test is only enough to generate probable cause but the officer's observations and any statements she made or the officer testifies to her making can be enough to convict without a breathalyzer test. Especially based on this story I would not put it past the officers saying she refused the regular breathalyzer test.   I can't speak about "the vast majority of states" but I will speak about the states I have worked in and the judge cannot throw out the charges because there is no breathalyzer result. And you can be convicted. The officer will testify to this "When we arrived on the scene she smelled of alcohol, had been in accident, slurred her speech, was belligerent, incorrectly identified the street she was on, etc." Then they will say she refused the breathalyzer test. And now you have a cop's word against her word. Very possible to get a conviction.  Probable cause is enough for an arrest. That's actually what you need to arrest someone. You may being thinking of "reasonable suspicion" to stop a car, approach her, or ask her questions.
I was speaking more in generalities that making false statements about a group or business can still be considered defamation. I haven't looked at the actual advertisement the professors took out in many years. I just reread it [now](http://today.duke.edu/showcase/mmedia/pdf/socialdisasterad.pdf) (PDF). It is arguable that parts of it falsely implied that the lacrosse players were perpetrators of a crime. It would have be an interesting case.
The article is a little confusing because it does not appear he was fighting for his right to be tried as the article claims because he is no longer being held and no charges were ever brought against him. He won the ability for his lawsuit against the government to go forward. When you sue someone you always have to demonstrate standing and damages. That being said it is terrible what the government did to him and I hope he wins.
I doubt he drove Al Capone's getaway car for the St. Valentine's Day Massacre because Capone was not there. He was in [Miami](http://learning.blogs.nytimes.com/2012/02/14/feb-14-1929-al-capone-gang-wages-st-valentines-day-massacre/) at the time and used that as his alibi.
There are tons of civil suits against the police. The NYC Law department has the pay out and defense of lawsuits factored into its budget. It has little to no effect on the individual cops and the city doesn't seem to care either. We need individual cops to suffer legitimate consequences such as losing their jobs, paying for the lawsuits themselves, and having charges pressed against them.
There isn't a plaintiff in any criminal case.
Las Vegas?
I'm not sure if you are joking but I don't think that's her in the picture. It looks like a mannequin.
I agree with you that cops are often dicks but generally for violations arrests you do not spend the night in jail but rather are given a Desk Appearance Ticket (DAT) and told to appear in court a month later. As RuleLawyer said passing drugs is considered sale in NY but marijuana is specifically excluded from the definition of a narcotic or a controlled substance. It is charged differently. Also having weed or any other drug in a baggie is not intent to sell in itself. Police can always find a way to cause people problems but this makes it more difficult for them.
The best part of that is when you try to organize it for them and then you get a phone call about how they can't find anything and that you broke their computer.