Firefly?
As an American I would say that it is a ploy based on old-time values that people use to try to appear more respectable.This is why the Gov. will ban certain words and body parts from television, but will take money from companies to allow the barrage of condom,dido,sex oil,phone-sex and viagra ads that any kid watching TV is sure to see.
Yeah, I am of the same opinion.Just to be clear,I was not looking for advice on what knife to buy for my one and only,just input on this kind of knife/steel from people who actually use them day to day.I have been cooking and collecting knives for decades and if there is one thing I've learned it's that there is no one knife to rule them all.I kind of just "Buy em and try em". The FKMs look real nice  and Mark Richmond gives them a great review,I will make it a point to try one. One question, in the reviews it says they have a 70/30 grind how does this affect sharpening?
Finally saw the light at the end of the tunnel but it was only New Jersey...sigh.
Yhea,alot of fan boy type nonsense over there. So far I'm very happy with the Richmond.Mine is a 240mm extra tall in AEB-L steel,factory edge shaved hair but dragged a bit when I tried chopping instead of my usual rocking,a few strokes on a ceramic stick did the trick.I do plan on dressing this up with some stones and strops and expect it will take a pretty sick edge that can be maintained with a strop.Handle could be a bit fatter for my taste but not really an issue with a pinch grip.One thing that really impressed me was the nice edge rounding on the spine and below the handle,you rarely see this on a sub $100 dollar knife.Bottom line,I'm happy with this knife,but the saga continues and looking at the second tab I have open,I simply must have one of those sweet looking Northwoods.
Thanks for the interest but I am not the OP, I thought that knife people would find this interesting so I reposted this to that "OTHER SUB", got no love there and reposted again to here.Just wanted to share some nice knives. Enjoy!
Fuck you.
Shoes.
Well said.
HA HA,made me laugh! up-vote!
Gotta love The Post!
Easy buddy! Not trashin anyones biz or Palatka itself,just a true culture shock story.I didn't name the place and there are alot of bars around there. Had some good friends there and miss alot of things about it, the prices at Millers,take a drive to Hastings and pick up free taters along the road,my friends at the Clock,the river(Georgia sucks!)Palatka song writers,pig races at the fair,tales of the Bardin booger,The Oasis(I got freinds in low places) and so on.But my original post is true,not rumor and not the only story I could have told. It's just how some people were when I lived there.
Worked at a small restaraunt and Ben Vereen came in with a small party.After cooking their meal,I peeked out front to get a look at this ever smiling old school entertainer, and he was tearing his son a new asshole for screwing up the delivery of some equipment.   Same place, Frank Gorshen comes in to drink at the bar, my boss offers to buy him a cognac if he will do the "Riddler laugh" which he did,quite loudly.We all cracked up, and then it just  snowballed and went on all night.
Yeah yeah.
Forget the tax aspect, and ask a less fortunate freind if they could use a car.If they say Yes, just give it away and you earn some respect in your comunity. If they say no just junk it for weight. Either way you will do better than getting involved with the Gov. or bogus charities.
He is half German shepard and half arctic wolf. My friend has the pics of his parents and all the documentation on him.She got him from a Specialized breeder. He does not look to humans first,he goes about his buisiness until you get his attention,a definate trait of wolfs.Thanks for the interest he's not mine but he is the most awesome dog I know.