That's correct!
i haven't laughed out loud at a reddit post in a while. This did it.
There is great 6 page feature on Bernie in this week's print edition of Rolling Stone. Like RS or not, it paints a very realistic picture of his campaign and his career. I showed my family this article and they are starting to believe in the Bern!   edit: Was on mobile and couldn't find the read. [Here](http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/news/weekend-with-bernie-sanders-20150709) it is! Thanks, u/F0reverlad
Everything Everything can best be described as Prog Pop but critics will label them as Art Rock. The band says they skew more pop. Whatever it is, its a smorgasbord of everything you know you didnt want to hear in music. The Lyrics are provocative and the music straddles the border of the most progressive to the catchiest of pop hooks. A must listen!
I was pumped at the clarity and color of our mint chocolate stout! We hit our numbers and at 9% abv I can hardly wait to pour this brew in a glass.
That guy must really hate the Orioles
I know! Check [this](http://www.wired.co.uk/news/archive/2015-02/26/spotify-axes-apps) article. Looks like the apps took away from actually listening and discovering music aside from a few key players. Musixmatch was so popular they just integrated it.
What music do you listen to that would surprise people you know and how does it not follow your regular listening habbits?   I'll start. I listen to Rush and prog rock as much as I listen to what is considered "hip" or "trendy" today. That and some awesome more dad esc yaght rock; I am far from a dad. What do you listen to that would make your friends go "hmmm"?
Royal Thunder - Glow [Rock/Grunge] (2015)
ELI5: Why do we still use wood as the internal frame for most of our habitable buildings like houses or offices? You'd think after all this time we'd come up with a way to utilize a different, more accident resistant material or develop one on our own.   I was commuting to work and I saw a newly completed wood frame of an apartment complex made from - well you guessed it - wood! Nothing crazy. We build shit with wood all the time. Seems just like standard fare at this point.   But wood is prone to so much damage especially over time; accidents, rotting, etc etc not to mention other environmental reasons. Why (besides our lack of desire for change and the sheer convenience factor) something else more durable and for lack of a better term, 'furureproof' has not been used or developed yet? If it has been, why has it not been made scalable.  EDIT: Thanks for your responses everyone. I am learning so much about wood, its uses in modern home construction, its sustainability and all of the alternative materials the rest of the world uses to build its homes. This is great!   EDIT 2: So far today I learned that you can make not only houses from hemp but cars as well. Add that to the list of things everyone has contributed with, I can say that wood is very cool. Seems that while wood may work great in some places, in others it does not make as much sense. Love the endless stream of information that has been put forth in the thread, so for that I thank you all for answering my question and exceeding my wildest expectations. Looking forward to seeing us innovate with both timber and other materials as we build our homes in safer and stronger ways than ever before.   EDIT 3: "Wood actually grows on trees" Cheers for that, folks!
ET. I was terrified. Then later that year my family and I went to universal studios and wanted to ride to ET themed ride. That entire 3 minutes was my small version of hell. Snot everywhere from crying. :(
It was about 69 degrees. It was in the fermenter for aprx 4.5 weeks. It tasted pretty good but it did have a soy sauce aroma.
Yea of course! Since I have limited volume for boiling, mash, fermenting etc anything that will yield roughly 4ish gallons once transferred f primary would be great. 5 gallon everything. For my birthday I am asking the brew fairy for a 7+ gallon kettle.  :D
Thanks a lot! You know it
I just winged my first all-grain batch and I am not sure whats going to happen now.   I have a few extract batches under my belt and I was really excited about trying an all grain recipe! I made my mash tun and I was ready to go. (I thought) So I went to my local homebrew shop and asked for enough ingredients for a 3 gallon batch. He hooked me up with assorted grains and hops for a porter. 2 row pale, chocolate, crystal, black and hops. I preheated my mash tun and then I started the process.   I mashed for an hour at 151 degrees and vorlaufted until the wort was clear. It looked really good actually! Fly sparged but not sure if I did it well enough. Over time I expect I will understand more of how that works... The boil really looked great. Barely anything floating in there, the foam looked like a barista at a coffee shop took his time making a cappuccino but instead of coffee it was my wort. I was pumped.  So the boil when on for an hour and the guy who gave me the ingredients said to just hop at flame out. I was like hmmm maybe I will add some at 30 minutes. So I did. I also added some at the very end of my boil. Thats when I was like hmmm. I see too many hops hopping around in this thing. Not sure if thats ok. I said dont focus on it...   After cooling the wort to 70 degrees there seemed to be a lot of gook at the bottom of my boil pot. It gave the wort an interesting hoppy aroma, naturally. Not that it was bad, just something I was not expecting. Then I siphoned into the carboy. I aerated the wort in the 3 gal carboy for 2 minutes and pitched my yeast. Sealed it and now I am wondering wtf I did will be ok or if it will kill me.  Long story (sorry) short, I have no idea what to expect and I was wondering if anyone out there has just said 'hey Im going to see what happens today" and what the results were. Not sure how efficient the brew was as it was my first all grain but its all a learning process. (I am a novice homebrewer and I would appreciate any feedback. I really do enjoy the craft ----) Thanks for reading! :)
I brewed a 1 gal batch of Irish Red the other day. Wondering if adding too much yeast affects clarity of the beer. They said to add roughly half but I may have added 55-60% of the packet at most to the fermenter. The fermentation was "happy" to say the last. Very active and I needed a blow off. When I exchanged the blow off for the air lock the aroma was very pleasant! Looking forward to drinking this one in a few weeks. Any thoughts  ??