My favorite: http://www.amazon.com/Safari-Professional-Trimmer-Small-Medium/dp/B0002RJM8C/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8 qid=1422556932 sr=8-1 keywords=nail+clipper+pet
As a seller I really hope you check these out and potentially make them available to your customers. I am really excited to get mine in February and see if it lives up to the claims. This is looking like a hands free awesome option: https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/eva-the-first-truly-wearable-couples-vibrator
Sneaky is the best. 3
Beautiful!
Thanks!
Shake your tailfeathers! It's Leela Beela's one year adoption anniversary!
The little pot was laying around the yard full of something dead and I just dumped it and used it for my plant. It has a cracked piece on the bottom and is not going to be great for the longterm - but was better than the half-missing pot that one was in before.   I'll get some pics of the bigger one when our sunflowers are done for the year and I cut them down.
Hah! Love it.
Moar Rox Cutes https://imgur.com/a/oZ4IE
This is so cool!
No one has said it yet, so I will. Don't buy a rabbit, adopt one. Check out your local rescues and animal shelters. You can get a perfectly healthy, already fixed rabbit without contributing to breeders (who often are in it for profit and not for the well-being of the animals).   If you don't want a lot of grooming - stay away from lionheads, angoras, woolies, and all the super fuzzy breeds.   Be aware that you will have to brush your rabbit multiple times a week during molt, and that you will need to brush it at least once a week the rest of the time. (Assuming it is not a fuzzy breed)  Dwarf breeds are smaller when they are older - but come with higher risk for certain health problems. If you are looking for low maintenance a big red eyed white may be a safer bet.   And please, read up on rabbits. They really are safer and more comfortable indoors. There are a lot of reasons and u/vgr1 already linked you to a great video detailing them.  This is not me saying you are just going to throw it out there and ignore it - but that doesn't change the fact that they are safer indoors.   Rabbits do require a good amount of caring for. You won't find a breed that doesn't unless you find a colony of wild cottontails to relocate to your yard.   One huge reason it is good to have your rabbit indoors is because you notice things more quickly. Rabbits live on a sped up timeline - they can be fine today, not eat tonight, and die tomorrow. If your rabbit is living in the same space as you it is far more likely you will notice the change and get them to a vet. This also speaks to the amount of care they require - as a prey animal they try to hide their illness. In prey species - signs of weakness make you a target for predators. You need to be paying close attention to your pet in order to see changes in behavior or physical changes that signify major problems (and sometimes problems that can kill your pet within 24 hours). Rabbits in general don't require a ton of grooming - brushing once a week and a nail trim every 6 weeks - but they do require a lot of attention that they may not get in the backyard.   Check out some of the articles, research proper care, and when you are ready, adopt - don't buy.    :D
I think your bunny looks cute. I love the curved bun! I call mine a croissant when he sleeps like that. Yours has its eye wide open, too - not so dead looking.
Aw he did so good on his dates! As far as simulating at home - you may know this, but if you put them somewhere unfamiliar it is best (bathtub with a towel down works great).   We had a lot of success with a nervous bun by opening the pen door and sitting on the ground and letting her come to us - we also put her food in and out that way. She had the opposite problem (ran and hid), but it may be helpful for a little biter, too.   And we don't have chickens - that video is actually in the shelter. They had roosters in there that day!   Can't wait to hear/see more of Squishy! Hope everybun is settling in well.
Awesome. I was there the day he came in the shelter. (I volunteer with the Rabbit Haven)  Enjoy a video of him being "aggressive" to me in the shelter!  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dq8Ac2nAXJA feature=c4-overview list=UUszCsrsauaGtBORGmKIeS2g  I am so happy he found a home. I heard from a volunteer who was at the show that day that he loved his new family instantly and it was a very good match - so congratulations and enjoy this little puff ball! =:)  And please keep posting pics! Seeing the buns happy in their new homes is one of the best things for a shelter volunteer!
As someone who works with a rescue, and as a shelter volunteer, I beg you not to have baby bunnies. Our rescue has taken in so many litters born to unspayed female rabbits in the shelter that need a foster home to go to. There are also babies found dumped by breeders who can't get rid of them. There are so many ways to bring baby rabbits into your home without contributing to the problem and taking away homes from rabbits that already exist.   Get in touch with a local rescue or shelter and let them know you are interested in raising a litter. When they were grown the rescue would be helping you find them good homes - and they usually give you first priority if you want to adopt any.   Just my 2 cents.
Walter   Gwen