Furious Seven 2015
[Season 2] [No Spoilers] True Detective Season 2 Episode 1
Supernatural S10E03 Soul Survivor Review
Sons of Anarchy S07E07 Greensleeves Review
Tonight on The Walking Dead, OUAT, The Good Wife, Homeland and Boardwalk Empire
Thursday`s Tv Shows - Oct. 16
Michael Chiklis is really good at playing a bastard.  I wasnt expecting for his character to be such a douche, but Im curious to see how it plays out!
Boardwalk Empire Season 5 Episode 6 The Devil You Know Recap
Were friends of the chick with the swords and the kid in the hat.   	Carol
Good one! That is why I love this show...it`s filled with these kind of wisdom quotes!
True Blood S07E08 'Almost Home' Short Review
Guardians of The Galaxy Blog Review
Yeah...I think that too!
Wow, can I just say how bad ass spencer was tonight, not taking no for an answer. Im so glad that aria apologized to Hannah and they made up. As for mama Montgomery, I feel so bad for her, she just can catch a break. I swear if tonight wasnt foreshadowing a twin theory, then its not going to happen at all. I believe Noel when he says that Alison was never kidnapped. When he says that our friend likes to through away people when shes done using them I think hes referring to A. So if this is true, is A a woman. Im so proud of Hanna for ditching the booze and I have to say it was hot when Caleb stood up for his girl. I love Travis but haleb is growing on me again. I still dont trust Alison and highly doubt that she even knows this guy in custody. We will soon see.
Thanks a lot!
Pretty Little Liars 'Scream for me' Thoughts...   Its so obvious Hanna hates Ali. She is avoiding her big time! Im telling youHanna joined Mona. She cant face her. Shes drinking and stressed because shes afraid the girls might find out.     Rhonda is so cute with her root beer and crunchy cheese doodles.     I think E. Lamb was fired and pushed out of town by A.     Poor Ella. I have a feeling they moved the wedding up because she got pregnant. Zach is an Asshole!!!!     Did Sydney slip up on purpose about NY or by accident. (Id love to hear your thoughts on this!)     I want to hear what everyone thinks about Alis behavior. All fake?     I was shocked it was Noel who broke in the Marins house! When Ali first blurted his name out i had a heart attacki thought she was going to say he was A or something tp do with A!!     Just a side thought..didnt Mona also ride horses? Remember she went with Kate and her friend when Hanna went?   Thats all i have. Any comments?