Belgian as well, waffles are usually eaten plain or with powder sugar (the brussels kind) and vertically!
Um
We get plagues of these, fire brigade burns them
I thought it was cute my 83 y/o grandpa was playing on this taped together gameboy he's had for like 30 years. But apparently you are all too damn salty and very professional redditors who only appreciate serious content. (Also, google stock image, because this is not one)
titty clouds
I was 13, and got a growth spurt which suddenly made me 5'8. Then we went on holiday in Rome and i wore all the same clothes i'd always worn, since i'd only gained height. A specific pair of white shorts- then hotpants got me so many whistles i didn't wear them for the rest of the trip. Hell, I was still reading lemony snicket back then!
Same in Belgium. They don't have to wear it while driving passengers (so that they can get out fast if someone tries to do a runner?)
Wow, you should definitely complain because that's a disgusting way to treat a person. Being completely honest, probably nothing will happen. I think you should complain for your own peace of mind and in the hopes it ends up in some sort of record. If you can give enough detail, maybe the asshole in question will get a slap on the wrist. I'm sure you're not the only person that ran away from a controller. The stib controllers are there to check your ticket, not critique your life.
*chants*  Quit! Quit! Quit!
This kind of thing is probably what got the village fool castrated in the olden days
posted this handsome in r/cats a while back, thought you might like it too!
Looks like lush products
This was a buffet at a rather small hotel so there was one meat, one poultry and one fish option, two or three carbs, same for warm veggies and then a separate salad bar... Plus the death stares you got for - the horror, the horror- 'cutting in line' to get your meat first made everyone just tag along
I wanted to take a photo of the spooky fog on our camping, then this happened
That's what I usually do, but then sometimes I feel like having a steak or a beef stew and I don't know what to give him apart from our sides for example...  Thanks for te recipes though, i'll definitely try the fajitas! :-)
Get her a nice designer watch or a pair of shades, usually around 300-400$ , leaves you some money for flowers!(and a little baby bottle of laurent perrier!) If you wanna spend that money on your girlfriend, go for it!