Queen Luigi, huh? Interesting choice Mario...
During peak hours, if you are in the reverse lane, you can make a left from that lane when not prohibited.  If you going against the traffic with the reverse lane, DO NOT enter the reverse lane unless you want to create a head on collision. You make the left from your left lane. You'll cross three lanes of traffic.
That look of pure happiness at the end.....dawww
0sec is true Red Guard, preserving the life of the button. Just when it was about to end the non-presser stepped forward and said "Not today..."
Typical self-centered, narcissistic purple. Think you're better than everyone.   Purples are just bitter because they can't read. They see something shiny and get distracted. They see a button and push it without any care for the repercussions. You're just upset that you didn't become a blue our have the willpower to use your press for good...  You disgust me... *spits at ground*
Need moar commas!
The only time I was happy was when i was with her. Now every time I smile, get excited, etc. I think of her and the happiness quickly turns to sadness.  She has become one of my best friends since she left, but she's definitely the one that got away.
[Directions](http://www.trusper.com/tips/MELTED-RAINBOW-CAKE-/15000717)
Inmates help Detention Officer after being attacked
No.. it is not..   MAT 90 is because the student didn't do well on the assessment test. College level math starts at 101. Students interested in teaching, and any degree really, are required to take math classes to a certain point to satisfy their general requirements.   When they go to their program of study, in this case education, they will take other classes that focus on how to teach it among other things.  Here is an education major at a university in my city. This is the math requirements for a degree in their program:  MAT-150	Mathematics for Elementary Teachers I	This is the first in a two-course sequence designed for prospective elementary school teachers. Concepts include set theory, functions, numeration systems, number theory and properties of the natural numbers, integers, rational numbers, ratios, proportions, decimals, and percents, with an emphasis on problem solving and critical thinking. Prerequisites: Grade of C or better in MAT 134 or 3 years of high school algebra with a grade of C or better.	4 MAT-151	Mathematics for Elementary Teachers II	This is the second in a two-course sequence designed for prospective elementary school teachers. Concepts of elementary probability, data analysis, descriptive statistics, geometry of shapes in two and three dimensions, congruence and similarity, measurement, and geometric transformations, with an emphasis on problem solving and critical thinking. Prerequisite: MAT 150.	4 MAT-250	College Algebra and Trigonometry	This course is a unified study of fundamental concepts from algebra and trigonometry that provide the necessary background for the study of calculus. Topics include modeling linear equations and inequalities; functions and their graphs; polynomial, rational, exponential, logarithmic, and trigonometric functions; systems of equations and inequalities; matrices and determinants; and conic sections. There is an emphasis on developing both a fundamental understanding of these concepts as well as their application to real-world problem solving. Prerequisites: Grade of C or better in MAT 134 or 3 years of high school algebra with a grade of C or better.
I started sleeping on the couch because of those stupid bed sheets.  You win bed..you win!
The bathroom at Lafayette Coney Island in Detroit..   Anyone who has been there knows what I'm talking about..   The walk to the bathroom is terrifying. If you survive the trip you must then attempt to avoid hitting your head on the pipe that is in the bathroom. Once successfully completed beware of the cockroaches coming to take advantage of you with your pants down.
White castle....
Go Blue!
[Did anyone else think of this](http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/400x/19967983.jpg)  or am I the only one
lol  Red Wings  Blackhawks Tigers  Sox/Cubbies and lets also look at the NFL last year - Lions  Bears (but we both know the Lions haven't been relevant since Sanders)  You can have basketball and continue losing to the 8 seed in the playoffs.