http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/81LJ5rvxdzS._SX425_.jpg   I use this at home and at work. I have a screen and plastic net strainer too, but imo the WMF one is the best. It is easy to clean, it seldom lets tea debris out and it is a nice size.
Most people treat their religion like a smorgasbord and pick and choose what they want to follow. "I accept this is the ultimate truth, but I disagree with this rule so I am going to do it anyway." IMO It's either the ultimate truth or a fairy tale. If it's the ultimate truth, there is not picking and choosing what you like and dislike.   A good example is some Christians views of gays, which has little in the Bible and divorce which is specifically outlawed.
Jo Nesbo is my new favorite author. He writes the best police stories I've ever read.   I also really like Olen Steinhauer. His stories take place in Eastern Europe and are sort of espionage/spy/police stories.   If you like Ian Fleming's James Bond books, see if you can find Peter O'Donnell's Modesty Blaise books. They're fluff like the Bond books, but his stories, bad guys and plots are exceptional. It amazes me that they haven't been made into movies. They are far better than Fleming's books imo.
I can't watch chopped or other Food Network shows through dvd. Also getting the full set of Andy Griffith, Leave it to Beaver, MASH, etc would cost way, way more than a few bucks. I like old martial arts movies and those are not easy to find in the library and Redbox and the like doesn't have them. Netflix does.  Netflix would have to add really good stuff, like Kurosawa's entire collection, lots of old movies from the 30's to the 60's for me to watch a commercial to see them. Right now, Netflix is pretty lame with old black and whites and most of what I enjoy.   I guess what I should have said is the shows I watch on netflix are either limited to one or two seasons or they are new shows that I think are crap. New shows are geared for kids and young adults and I am several decades past that.   And with Encore I have like 10 commercial free channels. They play a lot of older movies I like and their western channel is fairly good. Netflix is a backup to that and allows my wife and I to watch some of the cooking shows we like when there is nothing else on the tube. I did like watching the Dragon Tattoo movies on Netflix. We tried to find them on DVD, but none of the local shops had a copy to rent. They only have the US version of the first movie.  I get that people like all the Marvel movies, house of thrones (or whatever it's called) and stuff. If I was 20 I would probably be the same. My wife and I watched the first 2 seasons of Big Brother and Survival, so we are not above watching crap either. In our 50's, we've just moved past most of the crap we used to be amused by.
Create like 20 levels of prisons and 1/2 way homes/farms/businesses.   When you go to jail you're crime sets which level you start in. You have to work through each level to get out. Screwing up puts you back a level. Each level has sub levels. For example, at level 20 you are working in swamps and the like and it sucks bad. At the bottom of that group, you are pulling stumps and roots. If you follow the rules, you can move to the chopping and moving section and get out of the water. Next is maybe the people cooking food for the group. Once you show you can obey the rules at level 20, you can move to 19. Maybe 19 is flattening gravel roads and digging ditches. Each level brings you closer and closer to what you need to do to live in a community and be a useful member of the community.   From 20 to 11 it is a matter of degrees of how bad your job sucks and how tough it is. From 1-10 it is gradual freedoms and reduced restrictions to help someone learn how to live in society. From levels 1-10 they should actually be learning skills that can provide them a living once they get out. Learning a skill so you can work once you get out should be one of the primary goals of levels 1-3.   It needs to move away from doing time and move toward learning how to live in a society and community and how to pull your own weight.   I guess the challenge would be like repeated drunk drivers, parents who don't pay child support, minor drug offenses, etc.  Many of them know how to behave already, they just chose to ignore the rules. I guess using more community geared work for those offenders may have a better impact. If drunk driving is going take my weekends away for the summer so I can work on the crews cleaning roads, parks, etc, it may get more people to think. And the ones who chose to do it anyway, actually help the community they work in.  It may even be a method to spur the community to work together with the crews coming in and making it a larger community event and make those who are forced to work in them, feel like they are making a difference too. The big difference is volunteering for the weekends you want or being forced to work the weekends they want.  Not doing your job to a certain standard means the hours don't count or you only get partial credit.   The big thing is showing that your decisions affect your life. If you follow the rules and make good choices, you have more options.
They're just too tannic for me. I find Yunnan teas very mild with a lot of complex flavors, almost like a good Oolong or single estate Darjeeling. At first I thought I liked all Chinese black teas. It wasn't until I started ordering online and wasted money on tea from other regions that I was able to target Yunnan specifically.
I disagree. I like my poultry cooked well past when it is done. With enough juice to draw on, the meat keeps getting more tender until it falls off the bone. When meat is falling off the bone in Poultry, it is way past well done, but sooo tender.   And I guess I look at slow roasting like making meat in a sous vide. I've never used one, but I've heard and read amazing things about them. That's like the ultimate in slow cooking.
You'd definitely be living in the moment if you were hanging on a cliff. Much like the hand being offered, it would feel far sweeter than any hand I had felt before except maybe my kids hands for the first time.
I got a DBX3 for Christmas one year and I thought it made all my music sound like it was running through a wah wah machine. I returned it and got a TEAC reel to reel and a pair of AKG headphones. They were the best headphones I've ever tried.   And imo Bose makes speakers that mold the sound more than I like. No one would ever confuse them with studio monitors.
Did I say oil?  It's the money. The Koch's and Soros' don't have to give oil either to have their paid puppets do their will.
I agree about the raw honey. I actually went to tea partially to start getting honey in my diet. I have stomach problems and bad pollen allergies. Honey had a huge positive impact for both problems. Until I started using raw honey, I was struggling with the flavor.   I have never found raw honey that did not look and taste pure. Supposedly, the reason grocery store honey is heavily mixed and ultra purified, which takes all the health benefits away, is for shelf life, for that golden look and because most customers do not like their honey crystallizing, which real honey does. I doubt if the market for raw honey is big enough to get the Chinese imposters and large companies adulterating it. I believe almost all honey from the big corporate food groups is highly processed and at least mixed with foreign honey. Most foreign honey is not pure or has a lot of Chinese honey. Once you get into Chinese honey, you're into all sorts of metals and toxins mixed in, as well as non bee products.
Last time I was in Taiwan I bought tea from several shops. I had been looking forward to going back now that I knew which ones I really liked. Surprisingly all 3 teas I wanted to get again were in the same shop. (An Oriental Beauty, a heavily oxidized Tie Guan Yin and a Sun Moon Lake black tea) They had a 20 year old oolong that I decided to get too. Brewed western style it was more mellow than I expected. Tomorrow I'm going to try the gai wan and see if it develops more body
reddit flair
T2Tea's Grand Yunnan. I bought 50g in their shop when I was working in Melbourne. Before I left I bought 100g more because it was the most amazing tea I had ever tried.   After that, my wife or kids would order some for a Christmas present. I think my last order was a crop from a new year and the taste was significantly more mild. I ran out of the last bag of that about 1 month ago.   TWG's best Dian Hong is very close if not better than T2Tea's Grand Yunnan, but I just happened upon it going through Singapore airport and I only got 50g
I guess I should mention, I am not, nor ever have been, involved in unions in any way. I am a systems analyst for industrial software applications. I have also never taken any money from the gov in unemployment or disability, nor has my wife, nor have my kids. I work with both management and union workers in my job. I have spent the last 5 years launching new software around the world. My job does not leave me much time to do touristy things, but I do get to meet the people and have lots of time to talk to them about their country. It is something I am very interested in when I travel. For the most part I am very non political when I am out of the country and I avoid arguments regardless of how strong I feel about a topic.   I am there professionally to teach them new software, but I am there personally to learn about them and their country.
I see your agreements, but you seem to disregard how those policies manifest themselves. It manifests itself quite clearly in those countries.   Linking to possibly the closest we have in the US to the National Enquirer, Murdoch's Daily Mail and next to The Economist as the most corporate/free market magazine; Forbes, tells me where you validate your opinions and why your opinions are what they are.   Have you actually been to any of the BRIC countries? Everyone I worked with wanted out. The most common question I get is; how do I get a job with corporate in the US? There is no safety. Your life and your families lives are at constant risk.   Through the 70's, S and C America, Africa and the islands of the Caribbean and far east were pretty much places the powerful countries put their people in power and sucked the nations dry. Corporations with their nations blessing and often assistance or Russian autocratic communists, would put a leader in power and get long term sweet heart deals on their resources. Effectively preventing that country from ever using their resources for the benefit of their people beyond the pay they got for removing them or harvesting the products. Examine Chiquita's or United Fruit's history in South and Central America to see what I am talking about. Read up on Baby Doc Duvalier's history in Haiti to see the kind of people we put in power. Take any critical resource we get from 3rd world countries and read the history. The western nations and the USSR had no regard for the people in the countries with the resources they wanted.   Are the neo liberal policies better than dictatorships? Sure. I agree. Is that the best option? Not by any means.        I'd recommend reading Howard Zinn's: A People's History of the United States.  That is what is playing out in the BRIC countries right now. I'd also recommend looking at how Norway has handled their natural resources and used those resources to benefit everyone in their country.  Income disparity in Norway is no where near where it is in other countries because of who owns their natural resources and the benefits the people of the nation get from those resources. The pay difference between top management and the workers is far less than it is in other countries as well. We are one of the top oil producing nations and we only got 2.5 billion in royalties in 2012 from all oil and gas royalties. We give them more subsidies than they gave in royalties. If we treated our resources like Norway does, we would be far better off as a nation.    The pay gap between the top and bottom in US corporations has gone up by over 300% in the last 30 years. That is the framework that is getting pushed by the IMF and the World Bank. More for the top and far less for the bottom. And it's why graduates can't find jobs in the US. It's all going ot the top.   As you may have noticed from all the downvotes I am getting for my views, most people agree with your viewpoint. So it appears there is little to worry about as my views are seen as fringe anyway. I've had too many classes in analytic reasoning, logic, and the media to be swayed by all the emotion based distortions we see in the mainstream, corporate owned media and even in media with opinions I support. Everyone distorts and everyone is really presenting opinions. It's just a matter of knowing how your media distorts information and what opinions they are interested in expressing.   And last, capitalism is a wide net and includes the European socialist systems.  I doubt if many people feel that capitalism is bad. I just feel that it needs to keep it's eye on the health of the community and less on industries leaders and their backers getting extreme profits. I also see countries like Norway who follow that path have less social problems and more social equality. Unbalanced social systems become more autocratic and then fall.