We did it guuuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiissssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The fact that you are downvoted so much really makes me worry about the intelligence and intellectual honesty of the frequenters of this sub (of which I am one myself).  Extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence, but all that's happening here is people putting their fingers in their ears and going "Nanananana everything you know is wrong."
It sounds to me like you want it to happen. Your defeatist attitude is not helping.  If organization is what we need then it's time to get organized.  What they are talking about is allowing corporations to overrule democracy through extra-governmental "courts" where corporations can sue governments for enacting laws that are harmful to their profits!  If not people knew what was happening they would be up in arms.  Our apathy doesn't run that deep.  That's why they are conducting these meetings in absolute secret. We stopped SOPA and we can stop this. I'm not saying it will be easy, but united we can do it.
I'm saddened to see such a close-minded comment upvoted on this sub.  I also wonder if you have ever sat with Mother Ayahuasca?  This video is To me, this video speaks of how to scientific is merging with the spiritual.  We are learning the physiological and scientific reason on how this amazing concoction of herbs works her healing magic.  How do you know this man is "deluded"? What exactly about his comment gives you that impression?  I think his having done it so many times means he knows more about it than you or I (for the record, I've done it once.)
I know, I know... but what about my likes and my 400 "friends"?
Good. Please don't go. =)
Found the vegan!
Firstly, I'm glad you experience the magic of the universe.    How would my world be any more magical if I believed a talking bush told me to commit war crimes?  This is a total strawman.   But I think what really sets us apart is the red pill/blue pill question: could it be that you prefer to hold wrong beliefs that are comforting rather than true beliefs that are not.  What really sets us apart is that you believe in an objective reality and I believe it is more subjective.  That ultimately comes down to a philosophical debate, because it is impossible to prove the nature of the universe to be either way.  But take a look at special relativity for an example of how reality might be different for different observers.
Maybe I am learning this lesson now.. but is optimization really such a bad thing?  I think there is a probably a sweet spot in terms of how much effort you put into it.  Too much and you waste your time.  Too little and your game is inefficient and might not run on every device you want it to.
Ok, I had to cut off the connector on my old alt because it was melted into it and solder on a new one.  I have 3 issues left to finish this up!  1. I managed to get my shiny new alternator in, except for this piece (the 3rd image down).  It goes underneath the alt with the long bolt going through it and screws on to the back, I guess to give it more support.  This is probably a dumb question, but how important is this?  It was really hard to get it to go on properly.  2.  I think the belt is a little too loose because that gear below it does not spin when the belt is moving.  It seems almost impossible to get the belt tighter by swiveling the alternator.  Tips?  3. I also replaced the battery and when I went to connect it again there is this 3rd wire (that I'm holding in the picture).  I know this was connected to the negative terminal but I'm really not sure how.  Can I put it in with the other stranded wires? Oh yes, and it starts up fine without it connected, but I'm sure it should be.  OK, thanks for helping everyone.  Really looking forward to having this finished successfully.
Upsagans for you, good sir!
Dude... don't tell me how "Jews" operate.  Say all you want about Zionists, people with a political agenda, but when you go throwing the word "Jew" around you come off sounding like a bigoted prick.  Not all jews are Zionists and many are adamantly anti-Zionist.  If you read the article posted you would understand that.
I thought this was [relevant](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ythrdCsOFJU)
When I first posted my link I was downvoted immediately without anyone posting any sort of rebuttal.  That's why I wrote my edit.  I'm happy /u/Tony_AbbottPBUH actually replied with some real information and I spend a lot of time looking through the NIST documents.  He seems to be right that some of the information in the link I posted seems to have no valid source.  I am perfectly capable of seeing this and admitting when I am wrong.  I am not an expert on everything 9/11, and in fact, I haven't been 100% convinced with any version of the events.  I am committed to truth and I challenge myself and others.  Do not make assumptions about me (or anyone) please.
Can we please remember that human health is not the only factor to consider when we ask "Are GMOs a good idea." What about the environmental implications? And why is the burden of proof on the people with concerns to prove that there may be problems.  Where are the in-depth long-term environmental studies before we introduce a new species into the ecosystem.  I don't believe we can guarantee that these fish will NEVER escape their farms and will not breed with wild salmon, fundamentally altering the entire ocean's ecosystem.  There is no turning back from that.  Shouldn't we abide by the precautionary principle and not rush into this?!
I'm seriously sick of hearing this "he would have been eaten in the wild" argument.  1) You do not know that. 2) At least his destiny would be in his own hands. It's better to guarantee his death then to give him a chance at life? Whaa?