The first episode I ever caught on the radio was Episode 83, "One of Us," I was living in central Wisconsin and had just finished doing laundry. At the time, TAL was not on Wisconsin Public Radio, but a little public radio station in Rhinelander was playing it, the first show hooked me. The show has changed over the almost 20 years that I've listened to it, but I still make sure to catch every new episode and rarely is there one that doesn't entertain or inform me. I do find myself missing (nostalgic for) many of the early contributors like Vowell, Savage, Rakoff (RIP), Dishwasher Pete, Carrier, Sedaris, Rothbart, Kine, etc. .  . . I think in those earlier days, the show was winging it a bit more, was a bit more outsider (especially for NPR in the 90s), and, let's face it, it was shiny and new. I always love it when they repeat one of those early shows. The show has matured (so have I, I think), it is different from when I first heard it, but that, in my opinion, is neither a good thing nor a bad thing. I'll stop rambling.
For New York City, as well as many old US cities like Chicago, a period from sometime in the 1960s through the early 1990s could be referred to as an era of [Crime and Grime.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EdDUmvPK2OM) A very significant year for NYC was 1977 - The Bronx is Burning, Son of Sam, the July blackout, etc. In fact, there's a pretty cool documentary called [NY77: The Coolest Year in Hell](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHXAYddPLsM) that I highly recommend. It looks at the problems facing NYC, but also the music scene of punk rock, early rap, and disco.  Anyway, in 1994, Rudy Giuliani took over the mayor's office and installed Bill Bratton as Commissioner of the New York City Police Department, Bratton pushed the "broken windows" concept of policing, which had a heavy focus on punishing quality of life crimes. Trains were cleaned up, a lot of graffiti was cleaned up, more effort to pick up trash, and gentrification was encouraged. Times Square went from a place full of prostitutes, adult movie theaters, and drug dealers to a place with a giant Disney Store.  The NYC depicted in Mr. Robot is not nearly as clean as it is now, the streets are safer in the real NYC, and, Elliot would have trouble affording an apartment on his own, even in Chinatown. That being said, if you've ever watched Gotham on Fox, that really is a NYC stuck firmly in the crime and grime era.  EDIT: TL;DR: Mayor Giuliani really cleaned up NYC to the point that it is much cleaner, safer than as depicted in Mr. Robot.
I've crushed on her since the 90s, not baffled by it, just can't help myself. I hope you've seen The Daytrippers, that is one of my most favorite Posey movies.
A Most Dangerous Game: Welcome to calcio storico, a centuries-old competition in Florence with very few rules and the sort of human wreckage generally associated with the gladiators.
Each state has its own laws regarding marriage (heavily tied to property law), but, states cannot enact and enforce laws that violate the Constitution. The marriage issue isn't new territory for the Supreme Court, in 1967 the Court issued a decision in Loving v. Virginia stating that state laws prohibiting interracial marriage were unconstitutional. I haven't read the full majority Opinion, so don't know if this was an issue in the outcome, but one major problem I have had with state laws that ban same sex marriage is that they also said the state did not have to recognize such a marriage that took place in a state where same sex marriage was legal. To me this goes completely against full faith and credit, which I view as a building block of our legal system.
The Last - She Don't Know Why I'm Here [West Coast Punk] (original single version, 1977)
It's rained for the most part of the day here in Alief, most of it a nice light to moderate rain; however, it picked up significantly about 30 minutes ago and the wind has picked up too. Have heard a little thunder, but not much. Bill only came ashore between 11:00 a.m and noon, it's taken some time for its eastern feeder bands to catch up, but it seems like they have and will stick around overnight.
I had moved away from Houston for a good chunk of the 1990s (college, law school, first job), and moved back in June of 2001. Prior to moving back, I had flown down to visit my parents and start arrangements for my move and the cover story in the Continental Airlines magazine was all about Enron and how great a future it would have. I remember thinking to myself, damn, I need to apply for a job there. Glad I didn't do that.
Actually, renouncing their citizenship might not change anything. ICWA states that it applies to any child deemed a member of tribe by the tribe at issue - judges cannot question a tribe's determination that the child is member.
This sting has more to do with marketing related bribes and kickbacks involving CONCACAF officials and marketing companies, such as Traffic. Much of this seems to be connected to tv and radio rights for matches and tournaments, including the 2014 World Cup.  Since CONCACAF is headquartered in Miami, the US has jurisdiction. It is not uncommon for the law enforcement authorities of different countries to work together. The fact that the Swiss authorities were willing to assist the US indicates just how fed up they are with FIFA in general.  As to why now - my understanding is that certain statutes of limitations were on the verge of expiring.  FIFA doesn't like governmental interference into its secret lairs. I've seen speculation that if Blatter wanted, he could suspend all of CONCACAF and take away the World Cup slots. Not sure how accurate this is, and not sure that FIFA would want to grab the bull by the horns like that.  I think DOJ's endgame is to root out corruption in CONCACAF and hold the sleazy folks that have been in charge accountable for their misdeeds.  What happened today isn't about the 2018   2022 World Cup bidding processes; however, the Swiss government has launched its own criminal proceedings into those matters.
The average driver is not going to have any idea what that car is, it doesn't stand out the way Crown Vics stand out, it actually kind of blends in somewhere between the old Impalas and Malibus.
In reality, the issue should be revisited down the road, after Putin is gone. But right now, doing this would be a spineless capitulation by UEFA to appease a thug and bully. But hey, the governing boards of FIFA, UEFA, CONCACAF, etc. do consist of a bunch of immoral bastards looking to line their own pockets.
[This is my favorite one that happened in Houston.](http://www.fbi.gov/houston/press-releases/2013/woodlands-man-convicted-of-using-fake-cia-credentials) I will say one thing that can be annoying here in Houston is how all the private security companies now have fleets of cars that look like police cars. Additionally, there are at least three communities (two very wealthy neighborhoods and one a commercial district) that hire off-duty LEO to patrol in vehicles those communities have furnished - and they seem to replace the cars more often than HPD.
NPR interviewed Jules Feiffer yesterday and he said the following:   "Well, I've had endless acts because I ran out of steam on one thing, because life happened on another thing, and I developed a resourcefulness ... where I would just look around for some other way to do what I wanted to do. If it happens too fast, you don't build these, what I used to call these "rejection deltoids," where you are so used to being hit in the face that you just get up again automatically. The kids who were successful in high school from the beginning didn't know how to do that. So they would take a couple of slaps and they'd go into their father's business."  We all need to learn to cope when life slaps us around.
[So, the guy smacking Don around with the telephone book is the actor who played WoJo in Barney Miller.](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0301178/?ref_=tt_cl_t2)
Oh.