Children as young as four years old may reap better health from altruistic giving, a behavior that tends to be less common among kids from high-income families
Greeley life choices teacher and pastor arrested on suspicion of soliciting a prostitute
Study: Acceptance of premarital sex is at an all-time high, along with an acceptance of homosexuality
Study: Trying to correct political myths may only entrench them further
Death of 5-year-old girl in accidental shooting by another 5-year-old brings misdemeanor charge against local fireman
Researchers find a universal positivity bias in the way we talk, tweet, and write
New research suggests mindfulness-based cognitive therapy could provide an alternative non-drug treatment for people who wish to stop antidepressant treatment
Strange rituals or cannibalism? Neanderthals manipulated bodies of adults and children shortly after death
Psychology of smiling: can you tell a fake smile from a genuine one?
"Also, we cannot be arrested or prosecuted under the new statute for recording on-duty government officials who are talking to the public as part of their jobs, because those conversations are not private. The new statute respects the appellate court ruling in the case the ACLU brought against the Cook County States Attorneys Office: on-duty police officers have no reasonable expectation of privacy in their conversations in public places." -- ACLU of Illinois
Study abstract: http://www.nature.com/ncomms/2014/140827/ncomms5747/full/ncomms5747.html
I knew people were using EEGs for biofeedback brain training games and whatnot -- but DIY transcranial stimulation? Wow.
Not contrails. Those are Vanu chemtrails, creating an atmospheric mirror in the sky so amoral VS scientists can grow their nanite-modified crops.
OP should have linked to this: http://dougcollins.house.gov/press-releases/house-passes-collins-resolution-to-protect-first-amendment-rights-for-military-chaplains/
I don't disagree, but seeing people hit a jump pad and fly through the air while standing up perfectly straight just reminds me of Starsiege: Tribes. It was a cool concept 15 years ago, now it is just goofy. (Fun level is relatively unchanged.)  I wish SOE would remove ALL jump pads and give engineers some sort of deployable (wo)man-cannons instead.
TIGTA said, "The term 'Progressives' appears, beginning in August 2010, in a separate section of the BOLO listings that was labeled 'TAG [Touch and Go] Historical' or 'Potential Abusive Historical.' TAG is a group within the IRS that processes applications that are potentially related to terrorism or tax abuse...