That was the point.  He played a sociopath.  No conscience, just do what you want to do.    If you look closely, every time you see his bed at his apartment, it looks as if it's never been touched, only there for decoration.  He never sleeps.  He looks up stuff all day on the internet for things he's interested in, and then out all night looking for things to film.   I thought it was pretty subtle and clever way of showing how abnormal he was beyond the actual character.
Give me three reasons that a person, without kids, would choose to stay home and "incur the risk of never being financially solvent again if I ever decide to leave you".  In today's world, there is no reason a person NEEDS to be a stay-at-home [whatever].  They choose to.  They can get a job like everyone else, or don't get divorced.
[here you go](https://girlmeetsfreak.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/from-dusk-till-dawn-560-330.jpeg)
It's all about what you want in a car.  Are you looking for a proper drivers car?  Get an 08+ G37S coupe 6MT.  It's 333 hp, handles like a 370Z and has options for all the luxury items (nav, backup camera, etc).  If you want a more family frendly practical car, you can get the sedan.  It's based more on the Maxima than the Z, so it doesn't handle as well, but it has a much larger trunk, 4 doors and more room in the cabin.  Same features are available on it as the coupe.  If you live where it snows, then you can get the X models of either, the only major issue for me is there is no manual transmission available with the AWD models.  On the coupes, the X looks....off.  Something about it just doesn't seem to look as good as the RWD ones.  I can spot an X a mile away.
I went north to Lynnwood.  Brand new houses being built all over.  More shopping, more parking (free most of the time), all pretty close.  Down side is less trendy places (might be a good thing?), more commute times.  But it doesn't mean you can't go to Ballard, or Cap hill for a night out.  You won't do it as often, but it'll feel like a treat each time you do.
right..that's why I said pseudo.  It wasn't any CompTIA thing at all, but since I took both, they were similar.
"Overpriced and unnecessary services" to you perhaps.  The price of the complete solution in one stop is worth more than scrounging around the internet looking for the best deal on whatever it is I want.  You don't sell out of your own pocket.  If I came in to buy an entire home theater, you best sell me everything I need so I don't have to come back or worry about the installation.  The services are even more valuable to those without the skill set to do it themselves.  I've purchased around $50000 worth of stuff from Best Buy in the last 10 years and I'll get the service plans on the big items, especially the damage (ADH) ones.  I've only not used it about 20% of the time.  80% of the time I've utilized the PSP/ADH and got my money's worth at least and came out ahead more often than not.
I took mine to a shop and they did [this](http://i.imgur.com/NU2dsRZ.jpg)  It still has the factory everything and the amp for this is under the spare panel on the opposite side of the sub.  This worked well because the optimum space for that 10" is .5 cu ft.  So they fiberglassed it to fit the little nook behind the wheel well arch which was just about that space.    It looks like it came from the factory and still have use of my trunk.  It sounds really good. Not over bearing.   Since you have the sedan, you have a lot more room to work with, but if you still want use of the trunk, this might be a good starting point.
No, you don't. But you should do a refresher if its been over a year
I had thought about that but there wasn't any really good documentation I could find on how project Fi works software wise.  The FAQ says   If you're not using your Nexus 6 and you've opted-in to use your number to talk and text on other devices, you can make calls over Wi-Fi using your number through Google Hangouts.  So this might be an issue people run into that want Project Fi but don't have a Nexus 6.  I have the app, but no invite, so I can't test it out to see what that app actually does and how it's different from Hangouts or the regular dialer.
With all the sensitivity around this subject in the US, I have NO CLUE how this song ever got on the radio unedited.
In '99 had a '97 Eclipse turbo.  I had some mods in (275 whp) it and not too flashy, but it stood out.   That was the only time I ever had girls initiate conversations with me based on my car.  I found several notes on my car after I would leave work ask me to give them a call.  This was only after Fast and Furious was in theaters, so I had the same car that was at the beginning of the movie.
Yeah I think she saw it either from this chick or someone that copied it (maybe this girl copied someone else?)
Hold a 10lb barbell directly over your head. Then keep your arm locked, and slowly lower it in 15 degree increments. See how much harder it is to keep it stable the closer you get to 90 degrees.  Now your shoulder is your neck, and the barbell is your head.   Your tendons will stretch over time under the added stress and the condition will get worse and worse.  I get a general ache in my upper back from to much phone time. I have a special "pillow" that helps me undo the damage it causes. I rest on it for 10 min a couple days a week to help counter it.
Oh yeah, I'm aware of what is needed to succeed. I'm the business person with lots of exp with small-medium size businesses. I can turn on the personality when I need to. My wife will be the main customer facing person.  She's the more fitness passionate and loves to help everyone.  Still up in the air about how to handle the personal training aspect, but the franchise has an in depth immersion on boarding to get you up to par to the successful clubs.
Yeah, the one I'm looking at is $500k when all said and done