Because on certain other months, I don't drink beer! Haha. Sorry for the lame answer, but it's just my way of limiting beer consumption. 2 months no beer, 1 month beer, repeat.
Rekt
Gato
I already [do](http://imgur.com/QLP6oZr)
Personally I wouldn't engage in some pissing match that accomplishes nothing over the spelling of a trivial word that doesn't matter. But that's me.  But yet you have responded twice.
(cat 2 was a fat old fuck)  Excuse me!?
Sorry, I should have, expanded on that. (I don't think I've been on Reddit that long)
Or just eat varied food that is cheaper than ramen. It's not impossible to develop a diet for yourself that is cheaper than ramen, just requires a little bit of effort.  You talk a big game, but I seriously doubt you can put your money where your mouth is.
People who work there are empowered to take care of the customer as they deem fit. It won't hurt the bottom line much if you realize just how many drinks get thrown out in a day.  Also, giving away a drink and then having that person, most likely, share their experience with friends or on social media is probably one of the cheapest (and most effective) type of marketing they can buy.
morning wood
I know it probably sucks right now but you have to look at this in perspective with your whole life. You sound like a young guy so you should have many years ahead of you. This event in your life is rather small compared to your whole life.   Learn from this and grow from this. They're not worth your trouble being bitter over this. Think about what you gained: the knowledge that life does go on after a "serious" relationship. You got rid of 2 shitty people in your life.   Chin up man.  You'll be okay.
Hmm, I know exactly what you mean by being cliquey. You just have to put in time and get to know them without actively trying to get a gig with them. Build the relationship first before trying to ask for a gig. It's also difficult if they don't like the genre you play. You might as well go another route if that's the case.   About the cd thing. I find it more effective than telling people to visit your SoundCloud  (or whatever). Because let's face it, how many times have you met a dj that you liked and then remembered to visit there page the next day? Now imagine a dj you don't know asking you to visit their page. You'd probably politely say yes, but never comply. If you hand them a cd with your info on it, they might actually listen to it.
Hey, by all means, bate away until your dick gets moldy.
...
My friend's girlfriend did this at my house and flooded the bathroom. Shit was everywhere. Friend had to clean it up and his girlfriend tried to blame it on him, in order to save face.
Right in the gooch.