On your porcelain throne?
I envy kids for this.  They can dance  through the supermarket singing at the top of their lungs and no one thinks they're crazy
Eat a whole block of chocolate by myself  :( )))
My sister got an f once in grade 5 for being too creative. I still remember the last line of the story... "and Barbara learned to love horses, she ate them every day at 1pm which was when the mental hospital served lunch."
thats weird that they have a weight limit, dogs can be good or bad behaved no matter what their size.  Glad you got to keep your dog, I would hate to have to give up a pet due to housing, it would be heartbreaking.
Thanks for answering, and you make a lot of sense. I will ask myself that question, and work on finding an answer.
thank you, I hope so.
I think thats what it said, I've been searching for the source, but not having any luck.
As a student with adhd and depression things were generally a struggle.   I was falling behind in one subject, but one weekend I was determined not to fail and spent all my energy working on and finishing two assignments. It was hard, but I did it and I was really proud of myself. I handed the assignments up on the Monday.    After a week or so, I hadn't got any response from the teacher so I asked him if he'd marked them yet. He said:  "I haven't looked, I'm not wasting my time because I don't know if it's worth it"   Crushing. It's been 10 years since he said that and it still brings me to tears.
I currently feel exactly the same, it's awful. And my boyfriend says stupid unhelpful things like "you just need to do it, it's not that hard" "you're better than this, just get started" "it's really very simple"   I get more depressed thinking that I will constantly fail, and that I'm just not meant for this world, or this world isn't mean for me...   If you discover a miraculous cure, please share!
In South Australia hand raised kangaroos can not be released into the wild and males must be desexed. I dont know the laws in the other states.  They are loving animals, and make great companions but not great pets, they have poor immune systems and can die suddenly without presenting any signs of illness, so it can be difficult to treat them for illnesses, they cause a lot of heartbreak, my friends who care for kangaroos probably lose two to everyone one that lives, it doesnt get easier, it's awful every time. They also bite (HARD) a lot, and kick and can't be toilet trained or anything, and need a lot of space.
I would say, read through this subreddit, read the comments, check the most popular posts etc.   You can probably learn a lot that way.   Maybe also check out some Australian tv shows, movies or books. I cant think of anything right now because I'm tired, but I'm sure google can help.
I have had hundreds over my lifetime. 3 this week. I get them when it's hot or when I have a cold, it's annoying.   This 'talent' (?) has only been useful once, when I was working at a shop, I hated it and I wanted a break for a while. I knew that a slight bump on the nose would cause it to bleed. Voila! 15 minutes hiding in the toilets.   they started when I was 4, I had ITP, that got better but the blood noses stuck around.
Saw a lady had twin daughters one called something like Kate- normal, not at all wtf...  Her twin: Twinae. like Twin-A, like the doctor labelled her that on the scan and the parents thought "lovely, perfect name for our child"   Also know a lady called Gay Crack.   also: Anytime a parent chooses "Nevaeh" a part of me dies.
When I was in school (year 9 maybe) I got in some trouble after a teacher found stuff I'd written about modern medicine and how it's counter-productive to the continuation of a healthy human species.   But, if I had a serious life-threatening condition I would not hesitate to seek medical help, even if it's natures way of saying "you're weak, we don't need you"  I was an angry teenager, my views have relaxed a lot since then
So this is a little old,  but thought I'd add... try a darker hair colour, brown would be safest by dark red could work too, grow your hair a little longer and try a wavy style, go to a stylist to get this done and get your eyebrows waxed and tinted.   Braces probably too, if it's possible,  it did so much for my appearance.   Good luck