Overview for comsilbronze
A deal has been worked out in a class-action lawsuit filed over an E. coli outbreak and the largest meat recall in Canadian history. The lawsuit is against XL Foods Inc., which operated a meat-packing plant in southern Alberta during a tainted beef recall in 2012.
They are far from cute and cuddly.  They are mean mothers all right!   I remember when I was a kid and we were living in the burbs of Chicago. One night, I went to let our dogs in to the house from their pen when they tore off to the back of the yard and cornered one. Fortunately, my mom heard the commotion, and when she yelled at the pups, they ran back towards the house.   I'll never forget those glowing, beady eyes and that hissing sound.   Course, I was a little guy, but it sure seemed big.
Wel, *I'm* here for ya!
Overview for NathanBrittles
The article alludes to no attempt on behalf of the researches to carefully identify counties with similar demographics to those where fracking takes place as their control group.  And this is one of the many reasons why I love Reddit. I don't have all the answers and by reading the comments on submissions, people throw out great questions and facts that help me to understand the bigger picture.  I'm looking forward to seeing what comes from this.
Overview for berniesanders4pres
5 years ago, Canadian government made a significant environmental pledge to protect the countrys land and fresh water  and now efforts are falling behind the world average: Only 10% of Canadas landscape is protected, according to a report released by the Canadian Parks and Wilderness Society.
Overview for manikiran1
What is Tanabata?  "Tanabata is a Japanese festival originating from the Chinese Qixi Festival. It celebrates the meeting of the deities Orihime and Hikoboshi (represented by the stars Vega and Altair respectively). According to legend, the Milky Way separates these lovers, and they are allowed to meet only once a year on the seventh day of the seventh lunar month of the lunisolar calendar."  It's not a national holiday, so people still have to work and it's more popular with the kids, but many places have festivals and that means food, beer and games.
Let's all give a hearty round of applesauce to the new additions to our Mod Squad: HandicapReader   Carmabound!   Due to the fact that /r/train_subject6188 is now the fastest growing sub ~~in my mind~~ on Reddit, we've had to take on two new moderators in /r/Handicapreader and /u/Carmabound.  Mr. Reader has created the sky above and below us, because, well, I was drunk and/or hungover every day in high school and wasn't paying attention to my teacher in computer class. All things CSS will go through him and only him. He deserves all the credit for everything you see.  Ms. Bound will be in charge of....in charge of....well, she'll be doing the same thing I do, and that's nothing but making witty comments and having lots of pun.  I'm sure after a few months, the crew will stage a mutiny and boot me off my own sub, but lets enjoy it while it lasts, ok?
That's great :)  It is and it isn't. You know me, I'm such a worry-wart that I'm wondering what will go wrong, instead of enjoying it for what it is.   Do you already have a place to stay  Yes, I'm just waiting for the realtor to confirm the exact move in date before I buy a ticket. I know it's a holiday weekend and all, but they're kinda laid back when it comes to all things business in HI.   and a possible job lined up  No. Will have to get on this, but I went through this before when I went from Japan to Hawaii. People don't really want to talk to you unless you're there. Maybe because so many people change their minds at the last minute, but it's next to impossible to set something up via phone/internet.   Do you have a laptop, or are you going to disconnect again?  I do, but I'm not sure what they have there. I may be offline for a week or so, but I'll try to set something up before I go, when the actual move in date is set for sure.
As an American living in Tokyo, I'm just happy that I don't have to hear the locals gloat for the next four years.  Team Japan is pretty darn good though, and they do work really hard. It's just that the media coverage here is enough to drive anyone mad, unless of course your a fan of the team.  That said, ~~Brazil~~ Russia is only 2 years away, so I'm sure from tomorrow we'll be seeing how the men's Cup will coming to JP for sure!  **EDIT: Thanks to /u/tokomini for pointed out my brainfart. The Olympics will be held in Brazil in 2016, the WC was held there in 2014.**
The House of Councilors in Japan passed a bill into law on Friday allowing companies to obtain patents on inventions by their employees  more than a decade after Nobel Prize winner Shuji Nakamura launched a lawsuit against his company over the invention of the blue light-emitting diode.
Dozens of non-native invasive plants and animals are established in British Columbia, arriving on the wind, in nursery plants, soil and on improperly cleaned boats. Invasives are more than a nuisance, costing millions in crop losses, ruined infrastructure and threatening natural biodiversity.
Danish archaeologists doing a survey ahead of the construction of the Femern Belt link scheme, an immersed tunnel that will connect the German island of Fehmarn with the Danish island of Lolland, have found a 5,500-year old-ceramic vessel bearing the fingerprint of the artisan who made it.