I realize this isn't /r/science but I'm gonna put the peer-reviewed study here:  [Imitation Improves Language Comprehension](http://pss.sagepub.com/content/21/12/1903)
TIL that on Canusa Avenue in Beebe Plain, Vermont and Stanstead, Quebec, houses on one side of the street are in the USA and on the other in Canada.
It looks like there may well be some indication of what you are talking about in this study's data. The first figure in OP's article (not the one with the US soccer team) shows a strange outlier of more men than women people dying in their early 40s, say 40 to 45, who were born from 1860 to 1879, compared to the other age cohorts. It's the dark blue part of the graph, and stands out quite a bit.  People who were born from 1860 to 1879 were 40 to 45 from 1900 to 1924. i.e. a large proportion of them were those ages during World War I. Given that we know WWI was catastrophically deadly, and that men were presumably fighting at or over age 40, *and* that this study used data from people in developed countries, I would not be surprised if that dark blue outlier in the chart is an artifact of World War I.  It may be addressed in actual paper, but I don't have access to it right now (paywalled).
This would be right if this quarantine *was* "protecting people from a seriously lethal threat". It isn't. Ebola isn't transmissable until an infected person is gravely ill. We knew that before, and we know that now. The *only* two cases transmitted in the US were nurses who treated patient zero Duncan near death spewing infected fluid everywhere, while wearing ineffective PPE.  It was the pathetic initial response by the CDC in providing the Dallas hospital with adequate protection that was a "seriously lethal threat" to these nurses. Thankfully they have recovered. What's happening now is a fearful over-reaction.
But, but... Hollywood movies tell me that there are crack teams in hazmat suits expertly drilled to deal with situations like this! Everything I've seen so far leads me to believe that they are hopelessly prepared.
Just for some perspective, [here is the solar system at an accurate scale.](http://joshworth.com/dev/pixelspace/pixelspace_solarsystem.html)
Not many. Don't shoot the messenger! I just pointed out that they have a rule and that it's strictly enforced. I'm neither endorsing nor disfavoring the rule.  ^(The story in this post I find personally very interesting, however.)
[Here's a little more background on this fella.](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2662232/Football-fan-Carl-Wenz-caught-apparently-exchanging-phone-numbers-pretty-Brazilian.html)
This information is a week old and is not news to anyone who has been following the story of the WC in the slightest. Since then things have gone suprisingly well, and I'm one who suspected it *could* have been a complete disaster. It's important to have some perspective on this. There's plenty of that well down among the comments at the moment.
Portuguese to english translation (via google with some formatting) for the lazy...  **Cetaceans, sex and sea serpents**  In 1741 the missionary Hans Egede published the report of a "terrible monster" seen at sea near the coast of Greenland. Accompanied by an illustration of himself which you can see below, would become a particularly famous story in the collection of stories about "sea snakes".  Over the centuries, various explanations have been suggested to the event, like the sailors might have seen a giant squid (Architeuthis) with a raised tentacles confused with a tail. But Charles Paxton, University of Saint Andrews in England recently suggested a more interesting hypothesis. Paxton has received the Ig Nobel biology prize in 2002 for his study on the procession of excited to British farmers ostriches, so it's not so surprising that one of the ideas outlined by scientist to explain the story of Egede is that sailors have seen a whale penis.  Yes, a male whale of a species unknown to mariners, excited for some reason and taking his erect member - which can reach almost two meters long - confused by the tail of a sea serpent .One image, however, may be worth more than the past thirty-five words:  The suggestion is serious, and is contained in a paper published in the journal Archives of Natural History, "Cetaceans, fri   sea serpents: an analysis of the Egede accounts of a Most Dreadful Monster seen off the coast of Greenland in 1734". At work, Paxton together with Erik Knatterud and Sharon Hedley, discusses thoughtfully:  *We do not have "absolute confidence" in our interpretation of the creature Egede. Nor are we suggesting that whale cocks are a universal source of marine sightings of snakes, although we believe that another sighting, the merchant ship Pauline in 1875 when a sea serpent as a White pillar? of views between various sperm? frantic with excitement? (Heuvelmans 1968; Oudemans, 1892), could be a mistake of this nature (penis sperm whales can be white (Harrison, 1938)) .In the case of Egedes, we assume that the use of facsimile snake and drawings were not completely accurate. If they were accurate, then the strongest objection to the interpretation of whale sighting Egede is evident the presence of teeth in the drawing.*  *Our explanation also assumes that the witnesses would not have recognized the penis of a whale and that some species exhibit their penises in the summer of Greenland. Hans Egede (1741 ,1745) described the great Manhood a whale but Egedes may not have realized that he could be seen at sea.*  *Despite these objections, even if the monster was an unknown species, characteristics suggest a cetacean diagnosed. In the end, we will never know for sure. Whatever Poul Egede had seen that day, be a loving whale, a whale without a tail or an unknown species, was a very unusual sight both then and today.*  Which brings us to another fascinating image comparing frightening medieval illustrations with casual pictures whales wildly excited. The first image of a whale penis in this note comes from this site, and second, this. You can also watch the video of a terrifying encounter with sea serpents fighting with whales, whales mating confused with this link .
OK, well best get the characters to wear green for St. Patrick's day on game day three then.
Right, is it possible to complete the main storyline by "traversing" the lines in the mural with this idea of M/UFO, F/Egg and T/jetpack in a way that makes any sense? Perhaps by covering the shortest possible distance? This doesn't preclude some big payoff at the end. After all, it's "not how you won or lost, but how you played the game".
OK, perhaps in the future, but there's no way these technologies are routinely used for genome sequencing now, especially novel genomes, which was my initial point.
The paper they are referring to was published in 2010 and has been cited [only one time](http://scholar.google.ca/scholar?cites=3836192125356317566 as_sdt=2005 sciodt=0,5 hl=en). Not saying it isn't interesting, but this hasn't looked to have gained much traction since then.
Syrian refugee camp
The original link contains this sentence:  "In a joint sale for US$40 million, Abbott sold their rights to Desoxyn and Tranxene to Ovation Pharma."  "Ovation Pharma" links to a page to their website and from there directly to the link I just posted, which shows undeniably that methamphetamine is sold by that company. Unless you think we need to be held hands around the internet, don't insult our intelligence.