Syria raid yielded 'treasure trove' of intelligence on Isis, insiders say
Texas declares Chris Kyle Day, as Medal of Honor petition drive launches - He had the guts to stand up and defend this country, Abbott, a Republican governor, told Fox News on Monday.
I am not sorry that President Obama has ordered drone strikes on hundreds of terrorist suspects hiding in Pakistan, Yemen and other places. **I am not sorry he has done so despite the fact that the strikes inevitably have killed hundreds and perhaps thousands of their associates, many of whom were either innocent of wrongdoing or had committed no crime** deserving of death from 30,000 feet. This is the nature of war.
Lindsey Graham, a member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said a U.S. partnership with longtime foe Iran makes him uncomfortable but likened it to the United States working with Soviet leader Josef Stalin in World War II against Adolf Hitler. He says the United States has to do what it can to keep Baghdad from falling to insurgents.
**Al Qaeda still seeks weapons of mass destruction. If acquired, they will immediately deploy them to try and mass murder American civilians.** This underscores the overriding importance of supporting a continuing U.S. military presence in Afghanistan past 2014  one that will guarantee our ability to crush Al Qaeda central.
Great comment.  Thanks.
Even granting your premise that we weren't threatened by Germany (which I don't)  How again was "The Homeland" threatened by the German military?  I still find your view repulsive  I support peace.  You blindly support war, the most evil enterprise ever created by man.  Whose views are truly repulsive?  a country directly responsible for mass murder and aggression  Then you should engage in war against America.  Because what country on the planet is more responsible for "mass murder and aggression" then your beloved Homeland?
Taking a quote "out of context" by simply stating exactly what he said?  Once again, Rand Paul is trying to have it both ways:  He's pro-Drug War but against having pot smokers of certain age groups go to prison for violating laws he supports.  If pot is "a bad thing to do" and thus there s/b laws criminalizing its use, why shouldn't a 13 year old kid go to prison for using it just like someone who is 35?    Pot "takes away your incentive to work?"  That's a Newt Gingrich level of drug hysteria propaganda.  Truly pathetic.
He didn't state in that clip that he would be the sole judge of whether an actual rape had occurred.  Have you ever read the newsletters?  The language in them is typical of what was being said by the Right after the LA riots and hardly "racist."  In fact, he has said on numerous occasions that he has some moral responsibility for what was published.  I am not a cult member.  If Ron Paul ever veered from his libertarian non-interventionist beliefs, I would abandon him immediately.  My guess is that you cannot say the same w/ respect to Barack Obama.
Yes, there are U.S. troops on the ground and they've been there for [many years](http://www.mg.co.za/article/2006-11-15-fearing-terror-threat-us-goes-back-to-basics-in-mali).
You've "accomplished" nothing other than destroying millions of lives.  If it helps your psychological balance to think that you have, then so be it.  Every man I killed, if given the opportunity to come to America, would have comitted acts far worse than the tragedy in Connecticut.  And you're calling me ignorant?  You're just spouting a warmonger talking points.  Yeah, you killed those people so women could learn to read.  If you really believe that bullshit, then you probably still believe in the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy.  Jesus, grow up.
The reason for the silence about such matters, and the reason commentary of this sort sparks such anger and hostility, is two-fold: first, the US likes to think of terror as something only "others" engage in, not itself, and more so; second, supporters of Barack Obama, the 2009 Nobel Peace Prize laureate, simply do not want to think about him as someone who orders attacks on those rescuing his victims or funeral attendees gathered to mourn them.  That, however, is precisely what he is, as this mountain of evidence conclusively establishes.
Sorry, but the U.S. military does what most people would consider "abhorrent" things every day.  You routinely attack countries who do not threaten America nor ever could, you've killed literally millions of people in unnecessary foreign conflicts around the globe, you have tortured and continue to torture helpless individuals at secret prisons at the behest of the President, and, to top that off, you dropped city-destroying nuclear bombs on a nation that was already defeated in WWII.  Look at your real history, not the fanciful mythology you've been brainwashed with, and my guess is that a military acting on its own won't seem like such a far-fetched idea.
"These deaths are grim reminders that our Military...is still in active combat **in defense of our country**. We are privileged to have such heroes in our midst," [said Maj. Gen. Robert E. Livingston, Jr., the states Adjutant General.](http://springvalley.patch.com/articles/identity-of-second-columbia-guardsman-killed-in-afghanistan-released)
Best analysis so far from the Christian Science Monitor: **[Why Ron Paul's 2012 effort may not really be over](http://www.csmonitor.com/USA/DC-Decoder/Decoder-Wire/2012/0514/Why-Ron-Paul-s-2012-effort-may-not-really-be-over)** - The Ron Paul campaign won't run ads in upcoming primaries, but Paul is still out to make his mark at the GOP's August convention. That means getting supporters elected as delegates and even picking up some 'stealth' delegates.
And he said he did not understand how U.S. President Barack Obama is able to characterize Iraq as a free, stable and democratic country.   "What sort of Iraq we are talking about?" he asked. "How the Americans will feel proud? How the American administration is going to justify to the taxpayer the billion of dollars that has been spent and at the end of the day the American saying, 'Sorry, we have no leverage even to put things in order in Iraq'?"