So you haven't really given a language you want to do this in but here we go!      Java: Things like buttons can be assigned callbacks pretty easily by adding an ActionListener. It's basically what you have described so I think that would work nicely.      Python: I'm going to assume you have some sort of GUI (I suppose) that for the sake of the answer - is made with the wonderful and ever glamorous TK. Assuming you create a button on your screen through drawing on the canvas - you can use something like this:        root.bind('Key',lambda event: keyPressed(canvas,event))   This will make your clicks register to a function keyPressed. It might look like this:      def keyPressed(canvas,event):           if event.keysym == "Left":               if canvas.data.level  0:                   canvas.data.level -= 1                   canvas.delete(ALL)                   canvas.create_rectangle(-5,-5,canvas.data.row+5,canvas.data.col+5, fill='dark green')                   fractalMickeyMouse(canvas,canvas.data.xc,canvas.data.yc,canvas.data.r,canvas.data.level)    Alternatively you can use a TK Widget Button and just define callback.    Hope this helped.
Kimchi Fries I picked up after work today
Looks fantastic, I'm sad you didn't grill them though.
I actually was impatient and didn't want to leave it out for a long time so I put it in the oven like 15 minutes after i finished coating them with all the pepperoni etc
Tried my hand at those garlic knots
Soartex Fanver
Brother said toking brings out his creative side [8]
probably a picture of myself
Walter Shoback's classic the 'Chinamen'
Marijuana would be legalized globally.
Sarah Kerrigan
is this a joke
I only brush my teeth once a day :(
Trigger IFTTT Recipes   It currently is very difficult to make a recipe that is complex and robust. Sometimes, it is even harder to link recipes with events that you want to happen because it is a three step process where the middle step is disjoint from the final step.   I wanted to have a recipe that every day at 12:30 PM grabbed the top post from a subreddit and posted it to the GroupMe. Now, I may be wrong - but I did look around and can't really think of a way to do this. However, if there was a way to make IFTTT recipes a trigger, it would really open up the possibilities for this. It would allow for hugely extensible recipes that could do huge amounts of work for you or even just provide some really cool functionality. Just a thought.  If someone knows how to do what I'm asking I would love to know since right now I'm pretty lost.
http://i.groupme.com/400x300.jpeg.d8af482b085f4adfa98a846fa1d0e385
The solution was actually really stupid actually. I was thinking along the same thing. I figured maybe the charging port had shifted or loosened and couldn't get enough current to charge. Turns out when it fell the charger was actually destroyed like at the end and my spare wasn't working either. Just needed a new charger. Damn I felt stupid.