First of all, we are talking about the standard of proof.  Nobody claimed it was a civil trial.    Further:  Tom Brady and the Pats had every opportunity to put on a defense when they told their side of the story at the time of the investigation and again at the hearing.   They did challenge the evidence. Vehemently.   They could present any witnesses they would like, Wells would have LOVED to hear from them and so would Goodell.   Wells is not a prosecutor, he was an investigator. He had no agenda other than to figure out what happened. Goodell is not a prosecutor either, he works for the NFL. The Patriots are part of the NFL and Kraft helps pay his salary.   No lawyer worth his salt, if they were unbiased, would believe for one second that Brady was unaware that the balls were being deliberately underinflated.  Don't read the comments.  The ignorance is real.  I vomited in my mouth at "[Wells] had no agenda..."
Cool it there breezy, I can't for the life of me understand autism.  Both the girls in the video seemed normal to me, can you help me empathize with what autism is?  Honestly Jenna looked to me to be a bit introverted.
New York Times berated by readers for "value-added coverage" of Ellen Pao
It's 2015, people listen to songs now, albums are pretty much irrelevant as a whole.  Artists are obligated to continue the album model when they're signed to aging record labels.  The way music works now is artists just release songs into the wild, sometime they work on an album, but that's due to contractual obligations and promotions; or just to string together a collection of good songs an artist managed to come up with in a short period of time.  Fairly dumb question for this day and age.
Maltese?
Wow that's crazy, the dark hair on hair made my boner for her even harder, as a blonde i find her closer to natalie's scale of attractiveness, which is only a few notches below dark-hair emilia.
my are you dense.
She works out, look at those muscles.
I expect Reddit to be there.
Laker fan since 93, only new Laker fans think mitch knows what the fuck he's doing.  You have to really know the lakers organization way back to understand how much of a doofus he is, if you're some bandwagon fan, you probably don't know shit.
So which is the real confederate flag?  The one you linked?
Whoops there you are!  Sorry for stealing your comment, it was just awful it got downvoted to oblivion before anyone could see it.  But it's gonna be nuked again anyway kappa
stfu.
I can't believe this filthy casual nonsense is getting upvoted.  At this point in the game, no I don't think it was arbitrary.  I once thought randomly having skill shot blink was arbitrary, but it turned out to be meaningful even if very tiny bit.  Then I thought it was arbitrary cause the distance thresholds chosen, but at this point he probably tested the distance out a tad.  You need some more experience in the game or stop spouting this trash nonsense.  Same kind of bullshit that supporters of comeback mechanics in 6.82-6.83.  Stop forcing everyone to play your version of nerfball.  We don't give a shit, and it hardly affects your trash level of play.
There you go again, believing the mods had it within themselves to understand how to police something like FPH.  Just from your comments, you clearly couldn't.  FPH seemed pretty important to you, and for me it's survival means something a bit different, but look at the sub as a whole for a minute, it was pure and unabashed hate as you say, but it wasn't always pitched as such, so when you have a community that remains ignorant about what it is, while also having mods that can't control it; holy fuck it's a mess.  Too many loose ends that that whole team of mods was never going to get under control.  You really think that crew could get it done?  They did a good job kicking and screaming for a day on reddit, but what next?  What was plan b or c?  You think fatties have plan b or c?  It's cake and icecream.   FPH Mods were incapable, that bunch of clowns had zero foresight.  It sure paid off for them to be arrogant while ignorant.  This is going to be a neat case study one day, those mods will be immortalized.
where to make buy?