I am on about this amount. I have stopped (voluntarily) for a day or 2 and actually didn't feel too bad other than just wanting to them because I had them at home I didn't run out I was just seeing if it would be shitty like everyone says and it really wasn't
Hey i'm in the same situation.  I have had clinically proven anxiety and depression and been on meds for it for 15 years (Paxil) this is documented yet I cannot get barely anything to help me through my bad days.  I don't know if it's the fact that I am youngish male and look like i'm seeking drugs but I know what to say and what not to say to the doctor so I am just really frustrated like you are. I also agree that people abusing the system suck because now I can barely get 15 ativan with no refills and that is it.
Yes I agree with you. Before I trieed methadone I tried suboxone and it didn't hold me enough so I went back to using for a bit.  I was getting worse with using more by the week so I decided to do a bit of research on methadone to get the facts about it-not the myths or rumors because beforehand I was a bit apprehensive to try methadone- I thought that it was left for hardcore junkies.  Well since I started on it it has really helped i'm really happy because I was thinking to myself if methadone doesn't work I have nothing else to fall back on so I was getting a bit scared.  luckily it worked!
Where can you get kratom in the states? At a headshop type place or  you think they would just call me a junkie and say F off haha. What kinds/brands are good? I have heard that the capsules are crappy.  How much should I try for never having tried it before?  Also I am on Methadone so I don't even know if I should try it since I am on it.
yeah dude it's over. sorry to break it to ya. haha i don't know just go and pee. i would say use fake pee but the methadone clinic i go to tests the fucking temperature of it so you have to get the pee right within the correct range it should be when leaving your body.
OK thanks. i've been around the stuff i can get ahold of and I hear that it's pretty decent stuff i have just not tried yet cause I was still wasting $$ on pills.
ah ok haha
Damn that s a ton of pills but i recently go cut off as well. My script pales in comparison to yours but i can still understand the betrayment and downright fear you  feel
yeah i usually do that with norco the empty stomach routine and never have had a problem with that. i also have a pill crusher and use that.  i started on subs recently as well but have a decent amount of norcos left so i was wondering what will work best haha.  Yeah the buzz from subs, not really a buzz but i'd call it like a dirtier version of a norco buzz.  It's not bad it gets me thru the day but i'd take norcos any day over subs.
dude not a problem at all. it takes a lot to offend me and trust me you didn't haha.  I have a tolerance now, obviously so when I take my meds I don't feel "high" just about normal.  I am i think about in the same boat as you where its a fine line between using them for what they are intended for or just strictly for recreation.  also I am not trying to scare you but i was in your exact doctor situation and it happened to me so I guess always have a back up plan if you plan on staying on opiates for a while.
I guess we'll just have to wait.  these are facts and exactly what I was told by real doctors so it's just a head's up.  Even if the doctors I have been dealing with are using it as an excuse to cut me off even though I have never showed signs of drug seeking. I know I am not the first victim of this shit and it's probably gonna get worse.
I've never had that happen with the blurred vision or nausea unless in a car.  I kinda wish in a way that opiates always made me feel crappy so i wouldn't love them like I do haha.
Damn i didn't know that. That sucks but at least im one of the people that can't tell  too much difference between them
Man you are lucky to live there. I am on the other side of the country in california and the doctors here are pretty stingy.  my friend was trying to get me to take a roadtrip to FL and I told him after that movie it was virtually dead but I guess its not!!  Still, i'm not going to take a cross country journey for something that still is not a 100% sure thing haha.  even though it sounds like it is pretty close to that.
i have been using recreationally for about 10 years now and i am still relatively young at 30.  I have been really good with not getting out of control in the amount i take as well.  i have only done pills like vicodin, percocet, norco, etc. never smoked, snorted or iv anything.  i'd say the most i've taken at once was only around 30mgs and when i use its around 20mg so yeah i would like to think that i am pretty responsible with my habit. I have had morphine in the hospital and it was great but i couldn't function whatsoever and have never tried seeking it out otherwise.  getting to your question:  Man, that's a hard one.  I'd really like to hope things never get that bad where I would feel the need to shoot heroin.  I enjoy life and need to be a functioning member of society or at least try to be lol and i feel that if i was shooting up heroin then that wouldn't be possible.  I just feel like if life is so bad where you are using heroin and I have rarely heard of a heroin user who cannot go a day without using, then your fucked basically.  Who knows, I might end up one day going that route but i'd really not want to at this point in my life. hope this makes some sense.
haha yeah but this was exactly what i was going to put as a comment til i saw someone already posted it so i just copied and pasted it in agreement lol