[:D](http://www.imgur.com/KpV1Ftb.jpeg)
Well, come on, regardless of their pasts, white characters inCrash come out on top. It may be subtle, but the two white characters we are made to hate, turn out to be the ones we forgive.
I watched that film a long time ago, I remember it ending with having what I thought was a decent understanding of it.    Now you are making me question it, and I don't remember it well enough to help you figure it out.  I'll have to watch again.  Maybe someone will come in here and help us.
Wow, love it.
Interesting!  Something similar with me.  I go to Dunkin' by my house sometimes and always get a decaf iced coffee.    But whenever I go to ANY other location, they tell me that Dunkin' in general doesn't make decaf iced coffee, that they'd have to specially pour hot decaf over ice.  So I say, yea that's ok.  But it always tastes like water and not like my neighborhood location.    I'm convinced I always got full caffeine, but since I can't prove it, I didn't make a stink, I just stopped going :/

Yay!
Yes.
Just, thank you so much xoxo.
He's going to grow into the person you nurture him to be.  When I observe the people in my life and their families, it all has to do with how they are raised.  Stop comparing life with the standards in old sayings and on tv shows.  People used to live a lot differently,  and tv is fiction.  And I'm sorry but I find your post a little insensitive.  There are so many women out there who would die for the chance to have a baby, and you're disappointed by whether or not it will sit to use the toilet.
You said it.  A lifetime of worry.  Even after you get into second tri, you're going to be anxious til birth.  Then you'll be anxious til it's out of the possible SIDS age.  Miscarriage is a terrible, heartbreaking tragedy, but know that if it were to happen, it was because something was wrong and it needed to.    I've had one previous miscarriage at 8.5 weeks.  Not sure of the cause.  This year, my Dr put me on progesterone until I was 10 weeks.  Now I'm 14 weetks.  Trying to be positive and patient.    The one thing I could suggest is that you get a doppler.  I know you run the risk of more worry if you couldn't find it.  But I got one and was able to find the heartbeat at 10 weeks, and every day since.  Just an idea.
[Some people always hated it](http://youtu.be/TOBfpHv1VcI)  *"Hi, I'm a video DJ.  I always talk like I'm wigged out on quaaludes.  I wear a satin baseball jacket everywhere I go.*  *My job is to help destroy what's left of your imagination, by feeding you endless doses of suger-coated, mindless garbage."*
He was pretty cool.  I wonder where he is now...  Edit:  Apparently not acting much, but [whoa](http://www.imgur.com/iYxbxJ8.jpeg)
How exciting!  Love it.
I enjoy my life in Las Vegas.  When you get away from the strip, we have some beautiful desert landscaping, beautiful master-planned communities, wide open streets and friendly people.  If you *choose* to be on the strip, we have world-class restaurants and hotels;  and don't forget, debauchery of your choosing.  I don't understand all the hate, if I go to North Town off of Fremont, I could find drug addicts.  They are there, they are in lots of cities.  But it's your opinion to hate our region.  For every bad area of the city, there are good.
The only way you'll get a decent part, is if you part it when it's very wet and let it dry like that.  Sometimes the hair is naturally forced in a certain direction, and it may be difficult to change directions.  But it should.  I wish I had more advice.