Sure. And it may not even be fondant. Could be modeling chocolate.
Absolutely. Being an armchair cynic is easy. The proof will be in the pudding, in the end.
Or just buy the U.S. version. It's coming to both territories.
Basically, the best answer is that the two previous games from this team were something genuinely special, for most people who played them. That's not a very satisfying answer if you haven't played them, but what else can people say?   It might help if you explain what you thought looked terrible. The visuals are obviously causing a stir, but none of the detractors say much of anything beyond "looks like crap" or "looks like 2009." I don't think either of those statements is true. My son is currently playing through the PS3 remaster of Shadow of Colossus (a 2011 game), and the LG demo looks much, much better than that. Now, it doesn't look like a game with bleeding-edge visual tech, that's true. But the demo looks good--no blurry textures, cool character modeling, detailed architecture, very sharp, running at a high framerate. Appreciation of visuals is subjective, but we can at least quantify some of it.  The gameplay is harder to comment on. It looks like a puzzle game, and puzzle games are hard to get excited about in a linear, 3-minute demo. They might have been better served by cutting together a trailer showing off various environments, mechanics, etc. But, what they showed was enough to get fans excited. People who have played the previous two games can look at what was shown and see potential for a really great game. More importantly, there was nothing about it that suggests anything other than another very special experience from this developer. Without that context, it's easy to understand why you might not be excited. It's a fool's errand for fans to try to change your mind, but hopefully, if LG ends up being another winner, you'll find a reason to give it some time and find something to enjoy.
Likewise, people shouldn't dismiss things out of hand when they completely lack context about what they're seeing. Does the actual gameplay in this look incredible, at face value? No, not really. Is it really exciting and full of promise if you are familiar with the structure of previous games from this studio? Absolutely.  At the end of the day, it's an exploration/puzzle game, and short demos of gameplay in a puzzle game are rarely exciting (Portal is the only exception I can think of). As for the graphics, I was surprised how good it looks, having first read so many comments about "PS3-level visuals." It's crisp, running at a high frame-rate, and generally looks very solid. Considering development started on it 10 years ago and it's being adapted to the PS4, it's better than I expected. It looks sort of timeless and very atmospheric, like other games from the company, and that's more than enough to set it apart from the pack.
Nope.
I'm going to go out on a limb and guess that neither Christian nor Jeff would enjoy having their hobby dictated by committee. I want to play the games I want to play, and they're probably the same. They just also talk about it on the internet.
I'd be very sad if Tabletop Time got the boot.
What an annoying, depressing episode...   Ugh. After over an hour of nearly non-stop complaining, I just had to stop listening. Marcus is a horrid guest. Kind of like a giant, exhaustively negative steamroller. Hopefully, next week's show will be back to the fun.
All things in moderation. You'd have to work pretty hard to make a single serving of eggs benedict 1000+ calories. And the same can be said for most any dish--if you work at it, you can make it really unhealthy.  The worst offender for EB is the hollandaise sauce. A pretty standard recipe is 4 egg yolks, 1 stick of butter, lemon juice to taste (+ salt, pepper, maybe cayenne, maybe mustard powder). That's about 1,000 calories, but will easily serve 6-8 people. English muffins are negligible, as is canadian bacon, and the eggs are no more unhealthy in this preparation than in any other (which is to say, some people need to watch how many they eat, but 1-2 eggs a couple times a week for breakfast is far from unhealthy).   Total calories for a plate of EB, using the recipe above and assuming two eggs, is ~450. Total fat ~20 grams. It's certainly not the most healthy thing you can eat for breakfast, but it's not "very, very, very unhealthy."
I pretty much agree with you. The characters were pretty unlikeable across the board. And the main character struck me as an ass... other than generic sympathy for another human being in a life-threatening situation, I couldn't think of a reason why I should care what happened to him. Listening to the book on audio may have had something to do with my opinion, though. Occasionally, a reader's inflection and delivery can have a negative impact on my enjoyment of a book, and this reader had the sarcasm turned up to 11.  As for the structure of the book, it got very tiresome, very quickly. To its credit, I finished it pretty quickly and didn't really have to put it down. But, most of it lacked drama and tension, for me. There was no problem Mark could not solve (unsurprising, since all problems were created by the author to be solved), so it really boiled down to extended explanations of how the latest crisis would be overcome. Basically, this:  **  "Oh, crap. I'm in trouble. If I don't fix this I'm going to be dead."  "I have no idea how to fix this; I need to think about it."  ...chapter break...  "I have a solution. I will now explain it in painful detail for twenty minutes."  "Having explained the solution, I will now do what I just explained. Meet me back here in a couple chapters to see how it goes."  ...  "Surprise. It worked."  "Oh, crap. I have another problem. If I don't fix this, I'm dead."  ...repeat...  **   Sometimes the solutions were really fun and clever, sometimes they were too technical, and most of the time they were between the two. In almost all cases, it drags.   I can see why people like the book. But, ugh.
I second this nomination! This is crazy awesome news. Mario Kart, anyone?
There are no gourmet cakes "designed just to look good." That would preclude the label "gourmet." There are competition cakes or cake dummies, of course, but those aren't gourmet cakes, and they aren't intended to be eaten.  So, if you're suggesting that supermarket cake is better than styrofoam and other things that aren't supposed to be eaten, I completely agree.  As for whether supermarket cakes are "intended to taste good," I question that assertion. Sure, they're packed with enough sugar and artificial flavorings to pass without objection in many circumstances, but the primary concern is creating an inexpensive product. Not a great-tasting cake.
Force Unleashed included dismemberment by lightsaber.
Feedback intended as constructive that will probably come off as the opposite:   The commercial segments on DLC are just way too damn long. Am I the only person who starts hitting the FF button every time we reach a "word from our sponsor"?  I recognize that the show needs to be supported, and commercial spots are a great way of doing that, but it seems like they would be much more effective if they were short, 30-second spots. Or even a minute. As it is, they just go on and on. And on.   This is not unique to DLC, either. At some point during Weekend Confirmed's run, that's when I started noticing it. What was once a short shout-out to the sponsor ballooned into 2-3 minute segments. And now it's reached the point that I reflexively mash on the FF button 8-12 times until it's over.   Because I'm hopelessly egocentric, I'm assuming everyone else does the same thing. ;-) So, in the interest of helping the show, and the sponsors, I submit that the commercials need to be scaled back to a manageable size. Let's say hard cap at a 60 seconds. That's reasonable, right?
Well said. It's totally cool if the gaming press dislikes a game, but it crosses the line when a reviewer is openly hostile or vindictive. It's also bothersome when reviewers tar and feather a game in order to make a point about some perceived failing in the industry as a whole.   As Christian rightly points out, the past year has been rife with games that don't even WORK properly. Bugged, busted and flat-out broken. And somehow those games are afforded the benefit of the doubt and given ratings in the mid-80s. Then, when a high-profile console exclusive comes around... well. It's suddenly vital that the entire 10-point scale be used, and the knives really come out to slice up some faults.   I haven't finished The Order, so I don't really know what I'll think of it by the end. But for now I'm enjoying it, and some of the negative reviews are almost embarrassing to read. It's not even the scores so much as it is the vitriol expressed in the text. I just don't get it.