I Can't.    "Please excuse the words that I just blurted out.  They were not me, it was my strange confusing doubt.  It keeps rattling my cage and there's nothing in the world to bring it down.  For even though I might, even though I try I can't".
thank you for that tip.  Looks like the perfect place for a good cheap lunch .... lots of awesome deserts though, that could be a tough temptation to pass !!   The prices don't look too bad to me considering as you said the novelty of it, plus if they have some nice old cars there or a band there I mean really, that's just a classic summer moment you know.   I do definitely need to find some good, cheap clams though.   I LOVE your clams and just plow right through them.  Literally, my whole life I've been eating what I thought were fried clams, I had no idea what fried clams were till I first got to NH/ME. You're all very fortunate.
thank you! Yeah, they're pretty cheap, I was just hoping to avoid the added round trip and time spent in the store renting and returning it, and give that same money to a local Redditor instead.   I could probably get it all into my Subie if I broke it all down, but I'm just tired (long time homeowner, long time DIYer, sometimse it's fun, sometimes you just get really, really tired of it all).
This is a really interesting question and I'd really like to see serious responses from people who are currently in Ops/ DR roles.  I reckon parts of it would start falling off within the hour. On the bright side, you'll make front page.    Explained: IT systems can actually be remarkably fragile and need continuous care and feeding like plants or animals.  Hardware eventually fails, software crashes, logs fill up disks, a patch or other upgrade requires rebooting ... it's all a good bit more reliable now than in the past and the administration is now more highly automated but the need for human engineers is still there. Look at how often Reddit has issues for example.  Alot of this maintenance occurs at night when usage  is lower; there could be automatically scheduled reboots, automatic patching, or other activities that incur a high risk of the system not serving up.  With noone left to catch the problem systems, than I suspect that as the day goes longer in each time zone more systems would drop off, until eventually the majority of the net is dark.   I think it would happen slowly at first and then build, and would have a cumulative effect ... for instance if a core router or a root name server went down there would be a huge number of affected  systems.  Eventually the network outside your house would fail, and you'd be stuck on a standalone computer hating life, until something on your computer croaked.   I'm guessing the last thing you would see on the last computer in the world would  be one of those damn Rogue AV's or a Coupon browser plugin :(
I would use a storage bag like [this one] (http://www.rei.com/product/733948/msr-dromedary-bag-10-liter#tab-specs) and strap it to the outside top of my pack, under the hood, like a rope.  That will keep it along your back and up nice and high, and by cinching the hood on it you'll be able to minimize sloshing and slinging.   Beware that each gallon of water weighs 8 pounds.   I've carried 4 gallons before plus a combat load - that much water will absolutely wear on you... so as others have suggested unless you're going into an arid region I would seek beta on resupply and filtering instead of humping all that water in.
I'm hooked on both too.  When the weather sucked and I ran indoors exclusively I'd start off with a treadmill 5k, then power lifting.  Squats after running can be rough, but it really, really helped my n00b running and kept everything on the same recovery cycle.   It's a bit trickier since I've been running outdoors... I suppose I *could* run outdoors then go to the gym, but honestly by the time I'd get there I'd be cooled off all over again and lost all the adrenaline, so I stagger the days instead.  It's been good so far, but I find that I'm not really hitting legs as much as I used to, because I wouldn't really have a recovery period for them if Im running the next day.
Awesome ones I made the other night:  Giant package of ground breef, probably 3, 4 pounds 1 half onion, finely chopped some dried parsley a smidgen of dried organo -have to be careful not to use too much a smidgen of garlic power roughly a cup of bread crumbs 2 eggs a whole splattering of A1 sauce.  Been putting A1 in my burgers for years, it's the bestestess.   grill, top with a good cheese (like a sharp cheddar, a bleu, gouda.  NEVER sliced american) and serve on lightly toasted kaiser roll.
I feel you... but using  Hotwire and other websites you may be able to say closer in for that money.   Being on the Metro in Shady Grove is a good backup, but honestly man, that area is the most boring suburbs there  is.  Not like upper East side boring, I mean like LI boring.   Not saying doint do it, just realize that once you get back to your hotel each night you'll have nothing to do.  Probably literally won't even be able to walk to a restaurant, so really I would just do everything downtown, and Metro back north when you're ready to pass out.   Arlington and some of the closer Va suburbs will give you more nightlife, more local dining, and save you a ton of commuting time that you could spend in our great museums instead.  Really, after hoofing around all day you may regret a long commute. Also, don't underestimate the ability of our metro to get packed shoulder to shoulder, break down, etc. It doesn't leak rainwater or smell of urine though;)   Another commenter found a room in the city for a hundred bucks a night; you can't beat that.   How experienced are you with digging out cheap hotel rates ? Are you comfortable using stuff like Priceline, Hotwire, etc ?  You realize that going straight to the hotel to book is often the most expensive way right ?   What time frame are you looking at ?
pallet wood ? that could be treated with all sorts of chemicals.  I'd *hope* he was taking the piss, but then, haggis ;)   I think the stuff I have no is probably dry enough to give it a go. I do recall that the first thing I ever smoked, even before I had a proper smoker, was a turkey leg on a gas grill, with apple chips and it was delightful.     thanks!
The world in general just had a lot more mystique to it... information, photos, communication wasn't instantaneous and global and hearing of what was going on in far away lands, or seeing photos of exotic locales (such as in Nat Geo) was awe inspiring at times.  Now the world gets the same news instantaneously, photographs, videos, around the world are instantly shared and available.    It's really taken a bit of something away from it all for me personally, a bit like learning how magicians do their tricks.
The dichotomy here amazes me.   Poor people who are so well versed in jungle survival the dude can reck a giant ass snake with his bare hands while wearing a rag around his waste, yet someone had a fricking digital camera and knew to upload it to LiveLeaks.
There are some hideous smells in operating rooms, cauterization for one.   That smell stays with you for a very, very long time.
Baltimore's recent increase in homicides a direct result of the city not supporting the police.[/r/Baltimore]
thanks !
Oh, there is.  LoL.
I am suddenly a bumbling fool who shouldn't be allowed to use power saws. How to deal ?   tl;dr: I have forgotten how to carpentry and a small task is turning into a comical ordeal. What do you do when a simple project kicks your butt ?    Finishing up a major bath overhaul, and it's time for casing and molding. Did a great job painting, thinking "man, in 2 more days I'll be bathing in this bad boy".  That was a week ago. How little did I know.  The drywall didn't come close to flush anywhere along the jamb.  Sure, I've dealt with that before; just ripped some extensions, putty and finish well and it looks great.  So I rip some extensions. Except on one upright the edge waves back and forth between proud and recessed.  That's a new twist, I start trying to deal with it.  Grab the casing in the garage, case out the door.  Rosettes instead of mitres, looking good, grab the base molding, cut to length, fits great. Except wots this ? the base molding is thicker than the casing ? How did I NOT notice that before installing it ? Seriously ?  Go buy new molding with the wife.  Goes well; we agree on the pieces,, she pulls I cut (by the foot at the shop), get home, perfect lengths, goes with room, great.  Start measuring and cutting, my brain goes numb and I cut my first mitre backwards.  Ok, I have two other sticks.  hmmm, this one's pine, this one's mdf.  And this one is uncorrectably warped; in our hurry neither one of us did a good job picking the sticks. And now it's cut and useless.  For real. I bought millwork from a box store without checking it.  It's like I've never done this before.   go back later, get new molding, carefully culling this time. Get back, study the job some more, there's really no easy way to work the jamb extensions... it's a toughie.  Decide to mash the drywall down a bit instead.  Forget to score it.  So there's a fresh crack running up the wall now. Yup, put down the tools and walk away.  Sir, step away from the nailer.   I am honestly not an incapable person. I've done some great carpentry work around the house, but for this one project- which really should be like an hour max-  I feel like I've stepped into some sort of Twilight Zone and have suddenly forgotten everything I ever knew and am now a bumbling idiot with all thumbs who have never seen a compound mitre saw. You'd laugh watching me fumble with this.   Have any of you ever had to deal with this sort of situation where you're doing a pretty run of the mill project, and for some reason it just kicks your butt ? How do you deal  with it ?  Do I need to just walk away from it for a day, clear my head ?  Or is it time to admit defeat and call someone ?   Edit: Hey thanks everyone.  Glad to know I'm not the only one who's been in this boat.   SO - I just finished casing the door, and it looks good.  Even the mitre's - my first - came out pretty darn good.   I needed to get away from it a bit, and take my time more.  ALSO, brutalzing the drywall turned out to be the right thing to do.  Between pounding it with a block, and shaving off a high spot I actually got a much better fit without jamb extensions than I did with it.  Using lots of clamps to hold all the pieces in place helped me tweaking the mitre,  and definitely using straight lumber was a huge help; one area in particularly where I swore the jamb was swelling was actually just crowning in the stick.  So  a combination better sticks, trying a new technique, and just getting my head out of it for a while really helped.    My day is much better now, thanks.  Now I'm done with the door casing and ready to ~~fuckup~~ start the window casing.  Thanks all, happy Friday !