Music training in the teenage years may improve the teenage brain's responses to sound and sharpen hearing and language skills
University of Michigan opens test "city" for autonomous cars
Agriculture's next frontier? Growing plants in space
I can't even listen to Beats 1. It just says contacting store and then nothing happens.
voat's global website rank jumps 45,000 ranks in about one day
Queensland government (Australian State) pledges to reach 50% renewable energy by 2030
Yep. I have it installed on my PC and it runs every time I turn it on. It's very unobtrusive and you don't have to do anything. I'm just glad my spare processing power is going to contribute to making a difference instead of going to waste.
I know a great way to help. [World Community Grid](https://secure.worldcommunitygrid.org) allows you to contribute your spare processing power on your computer or android device to contribute to scientific research. Basically, millions of small data based computer tasks are sent out to volunteer devices. When the devices are done with the specific tasks, it gathers the data and sends them back to the researchers.
Painless vaccine patches are set to begin clinical trails in 2017
Yes, it is Tony Abbott sadly. Also, the chances of this happening under is leadership is basically zero. This government just [funded $4million to a climate change skeptic's think tank] (http://www.theguardian.com/environment/planet-oz/2015/apr/23/australia-paying-4-million-for-bjrn-lomborgs-flawed-methods-that-downgrade-climate-change)
Yeah. The article is exciting, but also kind of sad that we have such big potential, but the government just doesn't care. Hopefully, next election we'll have another government that will take action.
His real name is Alex Romano. I love how he got into character for this
New Ebola vaccine provokes immune response in human clinical trials
Costa Rica powered with 100% renewable energy for 75 straight days
Australian Newsreaders fight to the death- Anchorman Style
BEST BREAKING BAD SUPERCUT