Thank you for what you do. I appreciate men and women like you who take time to try and help keep these wonderful areas of our country safer.   I rode the Dragon long ago before it became the Killboy Calimari Race Team destination spot that it is today. My Dad moved to Soddy Daisy, TN back then, and so it made a nice side trip when I went to see him a few times.  You live in a beautiful area, and again, thank you for doing what you do. If you ever make it to the bay area, let me know, I'll buy you a coffee and show you our roads.
The Long Dark (My thoughts so far)   I know there's a big Long Dark forum since it's been around on Steam for a while now, but here's a quick post on my impressions so far, as well as a few tips that I've found out in my playtime.   Firstly, I'm totally digging this game. I downloaded it and the Elite Dangerous trials both at the same time, liked them both, bought the full versions, but haven't stopped playing this long enough to get any Elite time in, other than an hour or so. I'm usually not much of a survival-genre player, but I got a little hooked after only lasting 8 hours my first game and then figuring out ways to slowly get that number a little higher. I've played a dozen or so games now and on my current save game I've been alive for 12 and a half days. I've got two well stocked shelters (the Camp Office and the Trappers Cabin) and am beginning to explore the area. Overall, if you're into survival and crafting type games, you'll probably like this, and even if youre not, you should at least give the trial a shot, you may be surprised.   A few tips I've picked up, remember, almost like real-life, there's some priorities to your survival. Your number one priority should be shelter. Without shelter you'll freeze to death. No matter where you spawn you're never more than 30 minutes or so from a cabin, but if you haven't got the lay of the land yet (I recommend not looking at the abundance of maps available online, it sorta takes some fun out of it) any shelter will do. If it has an inside, but no stove for a fire than it's probably not great (I'm looking at you Logging Camp and you Lake Cabins). Stoves make starting fires easier, and are a requirement if you want to have a fire inside.  So, first and foremost, find a not-breezy spot to start a fire. Forage for a little wood (an hour or two long fire from a few pieces of softwood is fine for now) and get that fire going. Melt some snow and boil it for some safe drinking water. I think Im averaging a liter of water a day or so. Then food. Food is last, always. You can go a day and a half without eating a thing while exploring if youre not injured. In fact, if youre rationing, you can make a few candy bars and sodas last 3 or 4 days. If youre low on food, only eat when you run out of calories. And speaking of running, stop, unless you have a good food source. It burns calories and risks sprained ankles and falls. And falling will hurt and tear up your jeans, and well, without jeans, yeah, youre gonna die. Also, running around can easily attract a wolf that you might have been able to avoid, and if you get attacked by a wolf, yeah, youre gonna die. And lets not mention that bear that hangs out by the Lonely Pond, because a tussle with him, and yeah, you guessed it, youre gonna die. The only time running is a must is if you see a wolf chasing a deer and have something to scare the wolf off with (Flare, Gun, etc) Than run in their direction, the wolf will eventually catch the deer and then you can steal his kill and harvest without a tool, which is impossible to do with the frozen deer corpses you find.  I wont give away any of the stashs locations that Ive found, but I will say when you find Mystery Lake, take your time and fully explore it. Setting up a base at the Camp Office and getting into a forage for wood, get some food, explore, rest cycle will go really far for you. Dont venture too far until youve checked out all the little nooks and crannys around the lake, theres good stuff all over.   I will say one thing Im concerned about is how often this game will see updates. I can tell pretty quickly that now that I have a stable food supply and two well stocked places to crash with plenty of fire-starting abilities that I will eventually run out of stuff to find and explore. Im hoping by then that one of the other areas opens up, because if not, this game could get pretty boring pretty quickly.
I've never made a packed library in LabVIEW ever. I think they're a pain to deal with and a mistake on NI's part. But besides that, I'm currently working on a project right now with over 3000 vi's spanning three target deployments using LVOOP and I have no problem with creating distributions, installers, etc... If I were you, I'd start by removing classes a bit at a time and retrying the build to see if it works. My guess is you've either got a corrupted project, which I've seen happen or a corrupted library somewhere. You are keeping your classes in library's, right?
Hey, don't worry about it. We all did it. I had your exact same reaction the first time she fell. I thought she was dead. She cried, she held on to me like the world had ended, I felt horrible. But life kept going on.
TIL there's three times more people shooting themselves than other people in the US.
Right, sorry, that's the point I was trying to make but not sure if it came across clear or not. Max has spent a lifetime in the Wasteland and it's likely (seeing as how deep down he's a kind soul that want's to help despite his built in need to survive) that there have been many people whom he wished he could have saved but couldn't. Maybe some were women he fell in love with, although I doubt that since I couldn't ever really see him getting over his wife. I mean, his nod to Furiosa at the end says it all. You're safe, I'm going back to the Wasteland to go back to surviving. But yes, overall I agree, I don't think the imagery of the child(ren) should be taken literally nor do they affect the canon of the original. Sprog was a boy, that didn't change, just getting others' opinion on it.
I was also trying to do the math in my head last night after watching it. You're right, at first it seems like a leap of faith to believe that all four movies fit onto the same timeline. However, think about it this way, because I think it's possible. If the crisis had started when Max was a child (the bombs dropped, etc...) but he was fortunate enough to grow up in one of the last 'safe' zones than it works. Max and Furiosa could be the same age. Joe had been going about building his society in the wastelands since Max was a child. I think that things were bad in the Wasteland during the events of Mad Max, but there were still 'safe' areas like the city that Max grew up in and wanted to try to protect. At the end he realized that he was no longer a protector and just one of 'them' and goes off to the Wasteland. That's why at the end of Road Warrior, the people of the refinery still have places to escape to. Places that only loads and loads of fuel can get you to. By the time Thunderdome rolls around the world has fallen apart. Even the safe places are deteriorating, and the Wasteland gangs are already developing into complex societies with 'laws'. I think if you put Max at 25 at the end of Mad Max and than add 5-6 years between movies, it works. But only if you believe that Mad Max is happening after the fall, not before (as some people claim).
NSV: Dug some holes, climbed a waterfall, and still hit the gym this morning.   This weekend was pretty rough. My wife wanted to plant sunchokes, cauliflower, and some spinach which means more underground planters (to thwart the gophers). So, three 3' by 5' by 20 inches deep holes later I cut some wood and filled the holes back in. Of course, this is in the sunniest part of the yard, and luckily the sun decided to break through the fog this weekend in the north bay, so that sucked. Later that day, since I have some friends visiting we decided to go hit a new trail that I'd heard of but hadn't done yet in west Marin. It was a little tougher than I expected. Couple mile hike each way with some non-trivial climbing (not horrible, but not a walk in the park either) to get to the bottom part of the waterfall. Sunday was full of walking around the city with same friends, and if you've ever walked around San Francisco you know our hills are no joke. So, yeah, by the end of the weekend my legs were pretty toast. I still woke up this morning and dragged my ass into the gym. I did my Stronglifts and even through another 5 pounds on my squats like I'm supposed to. So yeah fat, suck it.
I was the same way. I saw a lot of builds before I pulled the trigger. I was worried about skill level and available tools. No need to be. I've got a jigsaw, a drill, and a circular saw, all bought from Home Depot on sale as a kit, some t-squares and rulers from Harbor Freight, and a lot of patience. If you do decide to do it, just remember, go slow, measure lots, and stop if something doesn't make sense until it does.
1/2 cup of oats, 1/2 cup of vanilla lowfat greek yogurt, 1/2 cup of milk, splash of honey or agave or whatever sweetener you like, than whatever "toppings" you like. Shake it all up, leave it in the fridge. I also put a half a scoop of protein in it. This weeks toppings are chopped frozen cherries and blackberries. Last week it was banana, PB2, and chocolate chips. Next week I'm gonna try brown sugar, walnuts, and bananas.   I'm so glad I tried this a few weeks ago. This is the best breakfast I've ever had pre-made and it takes about ten minutes to put it together. I eat it cold, some put it in the microwave to warm it up, you can also throw toppings in right before you eat it, like some granola.
I actually used [LuSiDs](http://lusid.net/arcade/) plans initially, but made a few modifications. After standing in front of it for a bit and making 'pew pew' noises I'm thinking I might lay the screen back just a little more. I've got enough buddies who are interested in doing some 4-player stuff like Gauntlet and TMNT that I think it's gonna be a little too upright. I may go back another 10 degrees or so.
I don't know how to answer that. I have a wonderful wife and we've done remarkably well at having at least one of us stay positive at a time, mainly because the one not getting worn out can see when the other is wearing out and we just take over.  For a while my wife was working nights, and it was also when we were trying to sleep train my daughter. Those were hard, being alone, my daughter screaming bloody murder in the other room and me on my last nerve. I just got through it. So did she. When things get real bad just remember, it's okay to put them safely in a crib, close the door and take a break for ten or twenty minutes. Even when they're screaming their head off. Better you take a break than it get past that point of no return and something horrible happens. Plus, up until 2 or 3 years old they'll never remember the horrible, screaming filled nights that you left them alone until they figured out how to sleep and stay asleep. They don't remember much at that age actually.  I would never condone anyone ever hurting a child, never. I look at my babies and want to only protect them from the crap of the world. But I also could see how when you're tired, haven't slept more than a few hours a night for a couple weeks, and alone and they're screaming and it seems like it will never stop that lines get crossed. Remember to take a breath and that everything will be fine in the end. If it get's too hard, shoot me a PM.
Yeah, I sort of see your point. But, this guy was obviously making a move. And when you turned back the first time, I could clearly see the anger he was putting out there. He was obviously already peeved about something and no way were you going to slow him down.   This is the part I don't get, because I commute on a motorcycle and when I'm lane-sharing I always back down when I see cars and trucks making their move. They're going to put the metal out there, regardless of what I do. But all the videos I see of cyclists are the same thing, ride it out until the last possible moment and than do something about it while cussing the driver. I'll ride 40 mph between a two rows of stopped cars, but you cyclists, you got big balls.
I don't know if it's a repost or not, but this is one of the first things in a while that has actually made me laugh out loud. Thank you OP for the post. You have made me day better.
On the off chance that you're not joking, I'll answer this. What you're suggesting is definitely illegal. We don't live in a Hammurabic society where some eye for an eye stuff is okay. If you have a person on tape doing this, contact the authority's. If you encounter a person doing this and they attempt to harm you, maybe, just maybe you could get away with calling it self-defense. Although I'm willing to be that if you walked up on this guy in the act, he'd probably just drop your shit and run.
Just came back in from the Point Reyes into Novato. Things are getting hairy out there, for sure. South Beach at the point was closed, ranger at North Beach said he's about to just close the roads at the gate to the point and go home. Some poor group of people has to sleep out at the light house during this.   Wind coming back was pretty amazing. Few times coming over crests on the road the wind put my bike into the oncoming traffic lane. If you're in West Marin, or heading there, tuck yourself's in, it's getting ramped up.