IRS: 7.5 Million Americans Paid Penalty For Lack Of Health Coverage
Bernie Sanders Trolls Hillary Clinton Outside Her Meeting With Senate Democrats
International violation? US Army considering hollow point bullets for pistols
Steve Buscemi, he looks like one.
No update?!
Thanks. I was able to go to the webpage and like there I'm in the S fund. So, I guess I'm doing something right. Following these types of models could help in moving the money were it's more profitable, right?
The Thrift Savings Plan.
I live in the south and I'm not originally from here either. The only thing I can say is that you can see the difference very clearly. In the south they naturally segregate each other blacks with blacks, whites with whites, hispanics with hispanic, etc.. Now for the hispanics  I can say they tend to stay with each other because of the language barrier but if you meet one that's fully bilingual they would interact with everyone regardless of the race. In the northeaste is completely different you can go to the mall and you see groups of teenagers mingling (whites, blacks, hispanics, mixed, etc.). Trust me there's a big difference.
Gay Marriage Is Upheld by Supreme Court
Before I posted this I had also posted the article of the Intercept on /r/news and only got 2 up votes. I'm fairly new to Reddit and I've noticed that TPP articles don't come up on the front page.
8 inches?! And flaccid?!? Holy fuck!
Doctors remove woman's reproductive organs accidentally because of her tattoos
Any update coming soon?
This comment will probably get lost in here but I wanted to tell you that your stories are AMAZING! I'm fairly new to Reddit and happened to stumble upon this thread. I've read others stories here in NoSleep that've been good but none of them compare to yours, none of them have made me feel like yours. I just read them and I'm fascinated as to the way the made me feel. I hope the Penpal movie does come out soon and that you post more stories. You have a new fan.
Finally! I check everyday for an update.
Love conquers all