best looking scotch eggs i've ever seen  like holy fuck... i've eaten a lot of delicious food in my life. it looks like youve made yourself a mustard sauce as well and it looks fucking bomb as fuck too. kudos sir. kudos. i bet you're an amazing chef.
I fap because I'm a guy and I want to have sex 24/7. Not because I'm an insecure person who has gone through the some mental shit. Come on This isn't a drug addiction It's a physiological drive.   (Sorry for being a douche cause i know you spent a long ass time writing that, but I think you're maybe missing the point If you were super happy and stuff, maybe WITH a partner to have sex with all the time, you'd probably have the same drive. NoFap to me is about transmuting this intense sexual desire to creating a more amazing life.)
/r/EAF
Holy shit. That's fuckin crazy.
Is this from an actual game?
POV of Amazing Bike Trick
Meh.
That's scary to me. The whole thing is sad.
I felt bad for her but now it seems she's growing some balls, which I hope makes her worth loving. I really felt she might say, in the most recent episode "I love you, Walt.", and I would have just died.
I was always disappointed that they didn't reveal who the marauders were, I always thought the twist reveals at the end of PoA were amazing, I couldn't believe how they left so many out of the film.   I also would have loved to see Dobby and Winky in Goblet of Fire, as well as the Sphynx.   I would have loved to have seen Wormtail have his hand choke himself to death.  Peeves.   I always wish they would have included Nearly Headless Nick's birthday in CoS.   And my biggest pet peeve with the movies is when Snape just shushes Harry before he goes up to kill him. In the book, Harry's under the invisibility cloak and is completely immobile, he would never have just let Snape shush him, he would have fought right away. Plus, it's so much more dramatic with Harry wanting to fight but not being able to... And when you find out it was Dumbledore's plan it just makes that moment so intense for me. One of my favorite moments in the books, devastating, but riveting. The movie's version was pretty lame compared to the book.
I saw him walking down the street once, he was golder than the fucking sun. Guy is obsessed with looking tan. I never watched west wing, but Social Network and Newsroom are fucking shitty and pretentious.
It's got some nice cinematography, great comedic acting, a great script, nice music, good themes. It's quite a step above from your typical everyday comedies. As most of Judd Apatow's films are, but this one is still my favorite. I was also a big fan of This is the End. Including this with Pineapple Express and it's like a spiritual trilogy about best friends.
Non-Shameless Plug.. NoFappers.org!   Hey guys! Fellow Fapstronaut here. I wanted to make you guys aware of a 100% NoFapping forum (I know of other forums with NoFap threads, but not a forum dedicated strictly to NoFap). It's not my site and I don't know any of the owners or anything so I'm not trying to pimp out my own site or anything. The reason I'm telling you guys about it is because after having been here on this subreddit for almost 5 months, I feel like this is a great tool and resource but it lacks a community and user familiarity aspect which a forum can bring. I joined last night and was hoping some of you awesome fapstronauts could come join so we can get some good discussions going and get to know each other so we can push each other and help each other really achieve our NoFap goals. I'm user Water2Funk, so feel free to message me and stuff. I really hope some of you guys join because, as great as this place is, the forum will really help us get to know each other and help us support each other with this journey and struggle. God speed Fapstronauts!   link to forum: http://www.nofappers.org/forums/forum.php  edit: there's also yourbrainrebalanced.com which somebody just messaged me about... but why not join both...? the nice thing about nofappers is there is an off topic forum too. :)
Am I the only one who might give this a shot? Some of the shots were beautiful. All the nudity is a bit jarring and the director seems to be a provocateur but it definitely looked like it had some potential.
So not cringe it's a joke... When I was 8 I would have watched THE SHIT out of this.
That was kind of amazing.