Jelly
LoL Shitty Yung Drake

Oh thanks on that 5htp info.  Re: Noopept I disagree on the super stringent weight requirements. You take a double scoop of the 15 mg scoop they provide and it works wonders and I don't get side effects from it. I still cycle as directed.  Re: Sulbutiamine I agree on the use sparingly axiom. Every time I touch it I feel a good boost and then I leave it alone for weeks. Tolerance definitely was detected in early use. Now with occasional use I always feel a little boost and I feel on point.  But yes point taken on the 5-HTP. I'll back it off to a maintenance thing in case I roll, but I have noticed only long term effects from cessation like a dip in mood at the three week mark from stopping. Any comment on why it would take 3 weeks to do that? Generally while on it I do not notice any serious effect.
You guys are great. Thanks.
YLYL [on a conference call and almost lost my shit here]
Noice
You gotta love how the machine calls him an S.O.B. by default.
^^
I think one of the biggest problems is not coming up with a vague enough title for people, or using an existing trope for titling.  For instance, everyone talked about Scumvag this week because of Scumbag Penis.  Didn't really want to ride their coattails, but it appears I'd have gotten a better response if I DIDN'T write my own material.
Y'all are hilarious with that instant downvote thing.  Got any comments? I'd sure like to straighten these OC posts up for y'all, if you'd actually form an opinion.
A Mafia Niacins Acorns
A while back I struck the random button and got these fellas.  I then realized I must have seen these bugs a thousand times in my life and never noticed them.  I also enjoy this:  "Like the words sheep, deer or moose, the word is used for both the singular and plural forms."  THRIPS.
http://i.qkme.me/3625cj.jpg
I was getting ready for work and watched about half, listened to the other half.  Stuff like that gets me thinking in the morning before I have to go think for someone else on the clock [whoops, I'm not doing that right now..]
B#$Rb34rC%Scs5 DTdEt6UeuF'Vfv7GWgw 5 !1AQaq"2 [Pic Unrelated]