Follow (acrylic on canvas, 16x20)
I'm just yanking your chain. This is definitely the best advice you can give a young person. But in my case I've been all over the world already and after 30 years of school I'll be looking forward to some good old fashioned materialism.
I started black and white because paint is expensive and I couldn't be bothered to mix colors :p but it fits the subject matter of my paintings pretty well so I stuck with it. A style itself is kind of just a function of how your mind naturally works. Happens on its own. Glad you like them!  Edit: also check out Simon Stlenhag's work
Hey you. Glad to see you finally posted this! Told you theyd like it ;)
Ironic you should say that because "whooooooa it's almost like I'm 14 again" is about as unoriginal as a comment can get on this subreddit.
check out my website for more!  http://www.train_subject6359.com
Pullout game weak
I dunno man i think she hit her peak on the cover of "let go"
I tried and couldn't do it. They added all this annoying shit in HotS that makes it way too hard if you're as terrible as I am at micro :p
[Probably this](http://imgur.com/DXRdukO)
(    )
I saw some old Porsches on my way home.   An amazingly well taken care of [356](http://i.imgur.com/Jsd9O94.jpg) and a [911 turboS](http://i.imgur.com/ZQd40xq.jpg) from the 70s with some awesome rims that you can't see (and an awesome exhaust that you can't hear) because of my sub par camerman...ism. It was a good day though.
Same thing happened to me. If you saw the black and white of the man with antlers in the forest on r/woahdude, that was mine. Not only that but the reposter was an enormous tool and people were looking at his past comments and thinking they were me. Got him IP banned in the end.
forget about resealing. OP MUST stain that drawer black. studies that I invented in my head just now conclusively proove that black tank stands are where it's at.
I'm not saying what he did was ok but you literally cannot mention his name now without an army of self righteous fucks suddenly pretending that they are above being upset about this. he was the carpet in the Big Lebowski. he held the show together which is why he did all the celebrity interviews. we are all sad that top gear as we know it is gone and it's oh so reassuring to me that people are so quick to demonize someone that they loved for so long. I'm done arguing about this.
Fever Moon