Cherax (Astaconephrops) pulcher, a new species of freshwater crayfish (Crustacea, Decapoda, Parastacidae) from the Kepala Burung (Vogelkop) Peninsula, Irian Jaya (West Papua), Indonesia
It Sounds Great... Until You Think About it for a Second
No doubt that is a good idea.  I just didn't realize that the situation is this dire.
How to shoot yourself in the foot using different programming languages   Please feel free to add   Assembler:  You spend months in machine shop, hand crafting the bullet, the cartridge, and the gun.  You do your all your own casting, stamping, machining, etc.  You assemble it yourself, and you lubricate it using oils that you press from seeds in a mill that you copied from another shop where you used to work.  You set up your own chemical laboratory to make the powder and the primer.  You go so far over budget that you can only giggle about it when they ask how things are going.  Finally, you put it all together, you point the gun at your foot, you fire; and then your boss walks in and tells you to shoot the other foot too.  You calmly explain to him why you're going to have to make another gun.  Perl: it'll take a very long time to find the trigger, and once you have found it, you will notice that there are in fact an infinite number of triggers, and that you have an infinite number of toes, and you'll never be able to decide which toe you will shoot with which trigger. And without making any decision, you'll eventually end up deprived of your legs.  C: You shoot yourself in the foot.    FORTRAN: You shoot yourself in every toe, slowly, one by one,   until all toes are used up. Then you read the next foot and   repeat the process. You will continue, even though you have   used up all the ammunition, because there's no routine for   exception handling.        PL/I: You use up all the system resources including the   off-line ammunition. DP and personnel management double their size, triple their budgets, buy four new mainframes and let the  old one drop on your foot.   Pascal: The compiler won't let you shoot yourself in the foot.     Forth:  You shoot yourself through both feet with a single bullet since you are standing with one foot on top of the other.  Algol: You shoot yourself in the foot with a musket. The musket  is fascinating in aesthetic respects and the wound confuses the   young nurse in the first-aid room.        Modula-2: After discovering that you will never ever be able to   manage anything in this language you shoot yourself in the head.     Ada: If you're stupid enough to engage in this language the US   ministry of defense will kidnap you, put you in front of an   execution squad and command: Shoot at his feet!       C++: You incidentally create a dozen instances of yourself and   shoot all of them in the foot.  First aid isn't possible, as it   cannot be decided which instances are bit-accurate copies and which  only point to other ones: "Over there that's me."        Smalltalk: You are spending so much time playing with the graphics  and the windowing system, that your boss will shoot you in the foot,  take away your work station and has you coding Cobol on a   character-based terminal.        Lisp: You will shoot into the accessory, which holds the gun, that   you are using to shoot into the accessory....      Prolog: You try to shoot yourself in the foot, but the bullet,   which misses the target, ricochets into the gun which explodes in your face.      Visual Basic: You pay Microsoft an inordinate amount of money, then   they put a control right there on the button bar that shoots you in the foot.  If you don't like the implementation, fine - shoot your foot in  another language. But don't forget to buy WIN 2000 first.  Assembler You put the bullet over your foot and drive it in to the instep with a hammer.   Javascript You attach the bullet to every shoe and it fires into the foot as you tie the shoestring.  Java You attach the gun to every shoe.  When you tie the shoestring, it goes and gets a bullet and fires it into your foot.  You also can get athletes foot using Java.  BC You fire bullets into your foot of any arbitrary length and any cross section.  Best used for bullets that are several feet long.
http://wattsupwiththat.com/2013/12/23/enormous-aquifer-discovered-under-greenland-ice-sheet/#more-99815
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hMDjMKnf7WE
That circuit would not work.  The page says "A simple 1kW or so resistor, 9 to 15 volts, ..."  Typo - use 1K Ohm resistor and connect it to + on the mike.  To the same point (+) connect the cap.  The other end of resistor goes to +9 to 15V.  The other end of the cap is the audio out.  - on the mike and power is your common ground.
Researchers at the University of Rochester and the University of Ottawa have applied a recently developed technique to directly measure for the first time the polarization states of light.
2/5/2013 -- Comet C/2012 S1 (ISON) -- NASA's Deep Impact Spacecraft Images
http://tropic.ssec.wisc.edu/real-time/storm.php? basin=westpac sname=26W invest=NO zoom=4 img=1 vars=11111000000000000000 loop=0
I feel your pain.   Four years ago I came down with a case of shingles on my face.  This is one of more unpleasant diseases. Shingles is what us cantankerous old farts get when we get overstressed.  The  other prerequisite is that you must have had chicken pox as a kid.  Who hasn't?  It started out as a vague toothache so I  went to a dentist first and he missed it. Prescribed me painkillers and antibiotic. Next came jaw ache, ear ache, head ache, you name them. Then sores started to break out on my face and tongue. Went to a walk in clinic next day and the totally disinterested doctor on duty missed to.  More pain killers and cream.  Went to the emergency the next day and the admitting nurse took one look at me and told me what I got.  Got a prescription for antiviral med and appointment with ophthalmologist.  Next day I developed double vision. Back to emergency.  Seven hours later after a blood test and a cat scan it was confirmed that both neurons are functioning.  Another visit to ophthalmologist confirmed that one of the eye steering muscles / nerves is affected.  This will settle down eventually.  If the stupid dentist diagnosed me properly I would be ok by now.  Instead I have to put up with this for weeks, maybe months. Guys,  if you ever had chicken pox get familiar with symptoms of shingles (herpes zoster).  If caught early the treatment is more effective. My double vision persisted for six months.  Feeling that someone slammed me with a bag full of door knobs comes and goes.
[Same guy?](http://www.ebaumsworld.com/blogs/view/81775703/)
We are still far from having sufficient density in the tiny hot regions to get net energy, but that is our next goal, Lerner says in a press release on the research.   Grantsmanship.
has "extraordinarily high energy absorption" properties.  Further down  "The engineers suggest practical uses for the substance include thermal insulation, ..."  These seem to be conflicting properties.  How is this possible?
Maybe Capscaisin cream? but check first if the burn is worth it.
Read these News stories      Woman fined for faked robbery     How I made my bid for freedom     Driving test centre set to get back on the road     Birthday smiles say it all     Police warn hoax callers - you could go to jail     Woman, 55, missing from Bury home     Man attacked for wallet just yards from home     Man sentenced for biting ear in Bury     Teds playgroup pals cash for Rainbow cause     Midnight Walk open to men