whats the use getting excited about star trek beyond?   all the reboot haters will hate it regardless if a fan writes it or not. ever since 2009 ive been telling the haters that it was good and i like it, and ive been seen as a bully, they should be kissing their asses!!! they saved their franchise!!!! i swear to god if i hear ONE MORE TIME that it doesnt follow gene roddenberrys utopian vision of the future i will scream and commit suicide!! thats right i hate reboot star trek criticism THAT much. they will probably never change!!! theyll marry other rboot haters, have children and raise them to hate the reboots then we'll have anothergeneration of reboot haters!! ITS FUCKING BULLSHIT!!!!! i just wnt people to be grateful, but nooo the reboot haters are too busy wishing they couldve sucked leonard nimoys geriatric cock before he died. i hate star trek reboot haters, hate them hate them HATE THEM, i hate the parents who birthed them and the children theyll raise!!! i would read trekkers reviews but i prefer going to professional critics (you know people who go to movies nearly daily) oh god if all reboot haters died of cancer that would be so awesome. i mean look at this video! and youll see who REALLY doesnt get star trek (hint:it isnt jj abrams or bob orci)  https://youtu.be/YRWUeUK6kKQ  there! now you see that jj has a heart, which is an alien concept to reboot haters. im sick of hearing criticism about the writing, im sick of hearing criticism about the cast, im sick of criticism of jj abrams!!!! so bottom line if you dont like it, why didnt they come to YOU to make it, so fuck all reboot haters to damnation of mankind!! i like the reboots DEAL WITH IT!!! i liked the stories, i liked the new look, and i liked the cast. oh god that would be so awesome if star trek reboot criticism was outlawed and made illegal. i would be so happy!
well of course if youve seen the movie, you remember other stuff, but the majority of people remember the dancing scene the most, dont get me wrong its an excellent movie, but like i said its a one scene wonder
My reaction was "alright now I don't have to watch just 6 Star Wars movies!!" But then it hit me, the sequel trilogy will divide the Star Wars fan base in the same way the prequel trilogy did. And if and when it does, I'll be ready
what does coruscant do about pollution and smog?   i mean in episode 1 they mention the entire planet is one big city, and then i wondered what they do for oxygen and water, then someone else mentioned that they import oxygen and water, and NOW im wondering about the pollution, like how do they manage it?
whats the context of you posting that image? is it my rambling or my (apparent) nonsense
eraserhead
well its not so much that people are telling me i cant like them, its just that the haters are everywhere and they wont give up, making me feel like a jackass,
he looks like some schlub they found in a college parking lot smoking pot and drunk, and asked him "do you wanna star in a sci-fi epic?" and he said 'yes' without paying closer attention to the question at hand. and after his supposed 'audition' hes wondering "how the hell did i get THAT role!? i must've been high.''
i could do that,
sadly yes i am, but i promise im working on it
Look at the 2009 watchmen movie, to me that is how you adapt something, not changing too much stuff or taking stuff out, it's made just how the graphic novel is, and look at the walking dead that was faithful to the comics from the first episode until the y went to the city and rode in a tank. THEY NEVER RODE IN A TANK IN ANY OF THE COMICS!!! And THATS what makes me worried, that and they'll throw in an obligatory love triangle (thanks TWILIGHT!!) and they'll probably change the ages too of the characters to appeal to teens and preteens.
see this is what i never understood, i have zero complaints about a movie, but its made hard to enjoy because people keep pointing out the flaws, like going out to get gourmet chocolate pudding with friends and enjoying it, and then you hear the people you were with at the time complain about it either looking like a doggie doodie, or not being flavored to their liking? it wears you down  EDIT: btw this isnt grammar class i can type stuff however i please
ok the answers to your questions is because YOU SUCK!!! there all done, well its been real see ya around, adios!
ah poopie!
I just got into total drama recently and it's great and I made this
I certainly remember