zatknisiy merikado cyka chiki briki
Will be fixed
[All that sweet money](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNFCb1ZZ1_g)
Just got a cooldown for queuing   Before I say anything, it might be a glitch that got me banned, so I'm hoping for the best and trying to hold back my complaints.  Okay, so I have absolutely no proof that this just happened but it happened. I have no idea how. I just didn't have enough time to screen cap it.  So I decided to queue for a match. I have been kicked a few times before (Russians kicked me for saving an AK in 1v5 situation), however, I never received a cooldown. So I turned on my game and pressed to queue for one. There was no yellow cooldown message at the time. Normally, If cooldown would have been issued before-hand it would have not let me queue. However, the queue was up and going.  I decided to minimize my window until I hear the accept button.  (You can hear the "ready" sound when you minimize the window) It was taking quite long, which got me suspicious, so I checked and apparently.. I've got a cooldown. Out of nowhere. And no, I don't care if it's 7 days or 30 minutes THIS shouldn't have happened. I have no clue.  I never pressed any buttons, I never pressed BIG GREEN ACCEPT BUTTON or joined a game. Did absolutely nothing and yet I got a cooldown. Ridiculous.   As to anyone wondering if it's just me, having memory problems, no, I absolutely did not press an accept button.
Well I'm looking for how to do it, not to know that you can do it. Besides, I've already looked into website, it provides basic info but not the one I need in this case
1. The demo was really low quality. Not sure if it's your fault. 2. How is that LEGEND? 3. I realize it's Silver, but cmon 4. The illuminati joke wasn't even funny, it was out of place. 5. Don't do MLG/Montage parody jokes unless you are going to edit the vid properly and upload it to /r/montageparodies. My personal experience. 6. Triple, but nothing special, srry.
Here, we can see a specimen of species called "idiots". He, to survive in this wild nature environment, had to resort to cheating tools... Not for long, as the glorious GabeN came from the sky to rain terror upon him. He ran, mercilessly, trying to save his inventory.. But then.. It was gone. In a blink of a second he disappeared into oblivion. He was only heard once, but only his salty tears could be heard. Justice was served, and the world was ever and happy again.
That's exactly what I said. I said that ticks won't matter if it's a cheap server (and it would be). I suggest you go check your eyes and read again.  I find your "jump the gun" comments even more hilarious.
Actually, neither of you guys are right. One of Valve employees said that they were actually testing with importing old Source games to Source 2, and that they were messing around. There might have been Counter Strike 2, but it was just Valve employees playing around and the concept never got out of Valve's office. It JUST won't be released.  Also, thinking in long term i wouldn't mind playing CS:GO for another 5 years as long as they keep updating it and listening to community feedback.
FUNC_VEHICLE IS A RIGHT NOT A PRIVILEGE
Stop SoloQ'ing. That helped me.   A lot of people will reply usual stuff like "learn nades, practice aim ETC", and it's true on some part, but you're stuck on a thing called ELO hell. I was stuck on it a while ago, i had to win 15 matches in a row to rank straight back up.
It does, unfortunately for bump maps to look good you have to have a cubemap in each corresponding area, thus having a HUGE performance drop. This technique should be only used sparingly, such as for tiles. (Ever thought why tunnels is the only place having reflectivity in Dust2?)  There's some hope, though, if you add $detail to a wall texture coming close up to it it will look a lot more detailed, so for let's say wood we'd do $detail wood. Anyways, if you use Pakrat and look up the textures you can modify them, so I'm gonna do that and possibly make a "texture" mod for Tuscan.  Lastly, If you open console and write "fogui" you'll get a menu to edit fog, try without it. Looks a lot better. Damn it Brute, If you are a mapper you should also consider learning to make textures!
Ez Tron skins Ez life
Ok.
So i checked it out, pretty interesting. It seems like you had a good layout and theme idea, but still lack a few elements. As good as it looks at the moment, it lacks visibility, which is a very important aspect in CS:GO. Here's a few things you could do - Slightly turn up light_environment brightness. (For non-mappers - visual brightness) Add lamps/lights at entrances to highlight important parts of the map. Valve used this lighting method to lead players where they have to go in Half-Life 2. Add tarps and planks to cover ground-level elements, such as crates barrels ETC.  A little minor thing... Increase the texture size on skybox displacements... It looks very repetitive.  Other than that i found no problems, seems like a potential map!
Did i said i stole anything? More over, did i post the map anywhere? The screenshot doesn't tell anything about the layout. It might be completely different with a different name, it's just the map style, which you can't really blame me for. :P  Go ahead and tell that to people who actually ripped Source version and put it up on the workshop. Don't scream at people who admire your work and wan't to achieve something similar to learn.   If you wan't to sort this out, i would suggest using PM. And yes, i do make other maps as my hobby. P.S - This is also one of my hobby projects, nothing too special. I might use it to play it on LAN with my teammates.  P.S.S - I'm mapping since 1.5, Brute pls. Peace.