What you've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this thread is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul.
Each of his videos are worth watching.
You should sit yourself down and think for a hard long while.    This is the only life you're gonna get. No retries, no do overs. What do you want to dive into and commit to for the rest of your life. When you're older and no longer able to work because senility is creeping in you're going to need to KNOW you didn't waste your shot. Don't expect someone to suggest something and you do it because it sounds like fun. It needs to burn inside your chest, fill you with exhilaration just the thought of heading towards that goal. Passion is painful, but it's such a beautiful pain because you know it's what you were meant to do. Why you are here.
Do you set the toilet paper towards you or away?
Well, what's to your liking?
Just saw it. The plot could have been a little tighter, the "dad" person James would go into didn't lead anywhere, whereas the "homeless" and "business" persons were not only congruent but also simultaneous. That and the punching sound effect at the beginning.was a bit jarring and took me out for a second.    Aside from that I was entertained throughout, and I was eager to see how it would end. Fortunately, you guys didn't make the common mistake other filmmakers make where the concept is drawn out and makes you lose interest. In this case, you took a good amount of time to set up your characters and tell your story. Kudos.
1) All I ever read about are festivals, where can I look up markets in my area? Which of the two are better for networking?   2) I've never made a film before, how should I go about funding my first flick?   3) What's a one sheet?   4) For each level of funding, what type of film qualifies? For example, a tiny 20 minute film about jogging. Would that qualify for pre sales?  5) I know I'll sound like a 1800's era gentleman but on the funding side, who do I see about these things?
No, it's a fugaizi
Wow, I never knew this. It makes sense. It still doesn't explain the flying car, that was jumping the shark. They established the rules of the world then wrote to contradict that.
[Oh.](http://imgur.com/oA3ZPB9)
:'(
Both very good films IMHO.    Both loosely deal with trying to fix the past.    Edge of tomorrow is a one-off movie, you go watch it and enjoy it. Take someone with you to talk to about it(not during). It's a bit smarter than a popcorn film. Good performances all throughout.    X-Men DOFP is also a very good movie, but something to take into account is how dense the movie is. This movie doesn't pick up right off of X-3, this is 10-20 years in the future and introduces the sentinel program. If you are ok with turning your brain on and have seen at least 2 X-Men movies then this is a good flick to watch.
It's an awkward season, especially knowing what was happening behind the scenes. It's difficult to find laughs in that season. Also season 5 was funny with Harmon back but was tough to watch at points with the departure of two cast members.
The dark knight  Bruce Wayne: Tom Arnold   Batman: Terry Crews   Com. Grodon: Jared Leto   Harvey dent: Louis ck   Joker: Shia laduck    Scarecrow: kevin bacon    Riddler: Javier bard em    Penguin: Andy dick    Cat woman: terry crews    Superman: Nicholas cage    Mr. Freeze: peter dinklage   Poison ivy: Bryan Cranston    Falcone: robin Williams   Alfred: Mandy patinkin
Yes, though.
More specifically his chemistry in a comedy group dynamic as the leader of a bunch of **** ups. If you haven't, watch a good old fashioned orgy.