Hi,  Thank you for your response.  I have indeed tought about the fact that it might be possible that she's hiding something. However, I do not think this is the case. She was never the type of person to hide stuff from her family, no matter how embarrassing/painfull.    Plus, she also says that this is the main reason why she's so confused, she doesn't know why she is feeling so depressed. I believe that it is something she might be unaware of, or something she refuses to face..  I like the quote by your father since it adresses what I think is the root of her problem. Will definitely use this the next time I have a chance to sit down and talk with her about this. Thanks alot!
3 months of gold for whoever can adjust/make a gif for me.   Hi,  I found the following gif on the frontpage: http://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/2wf30j/classic_willie/ I would like somthing simular but with the name of the bear changed to 'Poeh' and the girl's name changed to 'Louise'.  The original gif is really easy to find. Willing to gif 3 months of gold to whoever can make the best/high quality gif out of this.  Thank you!
Section 80 is amazing aswell! Learn about Kendrick because of GK, MC and started searching more of him afterwards. S80 is an excellent album aswell, with a whole different story and characters but atleast as 'real'
Would love this aswell! Especially because, in this way, it would be alot easier for people from all over to come and join in, even some of us living in Belgium. *hint hint*
This is the reason it got me angry, if he stopped and considered the pro/contra's or the risks, there's no way he would of done this. Instead he went for the 'nope, this will be both awesome for us and look good on video.'
My most used way was to write formulas/key notes on a metal ruler with a pencil. Not only do you hardly notice it from a distance, if you're afraid you might get caught, 1 swipe is enough to remove everything. Bonus: very easy prep
Damnit, I was so afraid this was going to come after I saw the vid. First off, you didn't ruin shit, by the amount of flaming done by the opposite team, they deserve no less. Plus, it's bronze and you're climbing really fast, these people have basically a 0% chance to ever play with you again so for them, it's one game where they're either on the right or the wrong side.  And to be fair, I'm in gold and would love a game where I get stomped by someone of your level just to see where all my mistakes lie.. Seriously, keep it up, do whatever you feel like doing and fuck us, Reddit will always find a way to disagree!
How is he a dick? He just put out a fire using a cat!!
My kind of pet
Wow, thank you for this reply. I'll have a shot at it and perhaps keep you guys updated on how I'm doing. Wish me luck!
Who, Dennis? Nope, haven't seen him..
iTunes 11 doesn't open anymore, help please!   Hi,  So I recently upgraded to iTunes 11. Everything went great for a day or 2 but ever since then, iTunes just doensn't open anymore. I tried everything, re-installing, opening as admin, giving priority, deleted iTunes and all sub-components, cleaned registries and reinstalled. Same problem tough, just doesn't want to open..  When I try to launch it and have task manager open, it actually shows up in the list of processes, only to dissapear after a second or 5, never showing the iTunes screen or pictogram in the system bar. Could anyone help me please? Thanks alot!!  Info: I run Windows 7 64 bit, any other information needed, just ask! Cheers
Just my toughts on the new Idra..   No need to upvote, just wanted to tell this..  Important: I'm not a native english speaker and I will try to make this nuanced as possible.  IHonestly, 've wasn't a huge fan of Idra, he was once one of the best zergs out there but then eventually just got passed by others. Nothing bad there, but he kept his 'BM' behaviour and 'I'm the best out there attitude', something wich I tought was a pretty dumb thing to do with no results to back that up. I tough that he would just keep on sinking, trying to survive on the name he once made for himself.   Now, I must say tough, I was really impressed the last few times I've seen him play on stage, he seems to have really dedicated himself on reaching the top level again. Wich was partially what made me open his stream this evening when I was bored. There, I was pleasently surprised, I found a well-playing Idra, explaing his tactics to his viewers, interacting and not calling people bad every 5 seconds. I really enjoyed it and even felt bad for him and the other viewers when he had to stop streaming because someone tought it would be funny to do the Clan Invite glitch thing.  Just an honest story I wanted to get out there.  TLDR: Idra improved and cleaned up his act imo, best of luck for him in the future.
'It's just you, me and a Pringles can' That Wingsofdeathx and Aphromoo syngergy, go watch!
Yes I have, and I actually did. This was on my old laptop, instead of removing everything I bough a new one (an Alienware, stupid me) and told myself I wouln't install games anymore. This lasted for maybe 3 days and made me realise afterwards that I indeed have a problem.  No, I never got to GM but I've been Top-8 Masters frequently, I think I played too much CoD to actually get promoted (I was #1 5v5 in the esl for almost a year, this made me some money in online tournaments but this was more bad then good, since I used it as an excuse to keep playign since 'I made money with it')
It's hard to tell to what degree since I always refused any kind of treatment or professional help. In the beginning because I tough I wasn't addicted at all, afterwards because I wanted to stop on my own. But it was pretty bad, I would wake up and start gaming just about untill I went to bed, the only thing I would do besides that was go out with friends or see my girlfriend, no classes, nothing. So I don't really know, pretty bad but not bad enough for me not to want personal contact anymore, or see my friend.  For the 2nd part of the question, yes, I have experienced pain in my wrists (CoD and Sc2 aren't the most kind games for them) but they seem to have dissapeared now, thank God.