Dang. Look at that, another post from tall_liberal2!  So, I've just donated $5 to the Independence Institute in Colorado. They're currently suing the state over the universal background check law, and working with legislators to loosen the state's useless magazine ban.  Thanks for the reminder that I needed to donate to a pro-gun group!
"Greetings, friends. Do you wish to look as happy as me? Well, you've got the power inside you right now. So, use it, and send one dollar to Happy Dude, 742 Evergreen Terrace, Springfield. Don't delay, eternal happiness is just a dollar away."
These are the people that know better about Gun Safety. (super cringey debate between gun grabber and pro-rights advocate.)
I'd prefer to skip that process entirely, and just add a simple "no guns" symbol to the state-issued ID of any prohibited person.  Want to sell a gun to someone? Check their driver's license for the icon of a gun with a red slash through it, and you'll know immediately whether the person attempting to buy the gun is prohibited from doing so.  Boom. Instant background check with zero need to pick up a phone or enter data into a website.  Hell, if you want, you could even attach a legal penalty for knowingly selling a gun to someone with a marked license, or to someone who refuses to show ID who turns out to be a prohibited person, and I doubt any gun owners would have a problem with that.
I find it hilarious that when it comes to describing the M16/M4 in a military context, the left-wing media has nothing but terrible accusations to fling about how these rifles are underpowered jammomatics.  But as soon as a civilian picks up an AR15, they're described as military-derived rifles capable of empowering their user to rack up remarkable and abhorrent body counts.  It's like the gun control set can't actually ever manage to get their facts straight!
Speaking as someone who's made an on-the-clock cold bore shot on a target at 890 yards with a borrowed rifle*, I'm going to simply ignore your attempts to insult my marksmanship abilities.  That said, let's pretend for a moment that you're right, and "no one needs more than 12 rounds."  Please explain how your perceived "need" makes it perfectly justifiable to arrest, charge, try, convict, and imprison someone for having a plastic box that you consider to be unnecessary?  Furthermore, please explain how your support for throwing people in prison for owning a plastic box doesn't qualify you as a supporter of gun control.  Thanks.  *Not trying to brag. That's only one thing on a list of many that I've been told is "impressive" that I simply consider above-average.
Funny you should mention that.   I voted for Udall specifically because of his stance on abortion.   After all, women who are conservative or libertarian are not as likely to have an abortion as women who are leftists.   As a result, liberalized abortion laws and free or subsidized abortion can only work in the long-term favor of the pro-liberty outlook.   :-)  In fact, since you have stumbled upon the notion of aborting your political adversaries before they can do you the disservice of saying things on Reddit that make you dispeptic, I've actually given you an upvote.  Congrats, Oscar!   A winner is you!
Its already illegal to sell a gun to a prohibited person. Even without a UBC law, your scenario would play out pretty much the same, with both criminals going to jail.   If you actually gave a shit about reducing gun crime, you'd actually make it easier for anyone to conduct a background check and simply allow anyone to submit a NICS request without forcing them to go through an FFL, or you'd mandate that government issued IDs should be conspicuously marked so that anyone can ascertain the legality of the purchaser at a glance in the same way that licenses are marked to easily tell if someone is of legal drinking age or not.   Of course, as a supporter of gun control, you're completely  incapable of seeing gun owners as anything other than an adversary to mock and harass, so it wouldn't actually occur to you too treat then as anything other than untrustworthy potential criminals, rather than as people who have a vested interest in reducing violent crime, and who could be allies in achieving that goal.
What's hilarious is that he exactly went on a mid-level rant where the whole subject was how he was sooooo much smarter than me.   Frankly, I really think that CE, and his other sock puppet accounts are a compelling argument for tighter moderation of the sub.   It's clear that these people aren't interested in honest discussion, so there's no need to give them a free place to roam.
While this isn't strictly gun-related, I thought it was worth sharing because it shows that the world is more complex than most gun control fans think, and that it's completely possible that there are factors other than gun availability that play into violence and suicide.   Given the revelation that high amounts of environmental lead were likely a large part of high crime rates through the 60s, 70s, 80s, and 90s, it seems plausible and reasonable that other chemical and environmental factors could be related to violent behavior or mental disorders.
I think it's cute that of the entire list of evidence I provided, the only thing you can actually respond to (and poorly at that) is that the photos were somehow faked "out in a dessert (sic)."  I guess I shouldn't belittle you, though. After all, you're just the product of a failed education system that couldn't even be bothered to teach you the basics of critical thinking or self-directed learning.
If there were facts showing these laws to be a net societal benefit, the advocates for them did a poor job of presenting their case when they instead opted to rely on culture war stereotypes, appeals to emotion, procedural shenanigans designed to minimize dissent, and outright misinformation.   Furthermore, if the laws were effective, the would be plenty of proof of this from the states that have similar laws in place, as well as from the Federal law that was in place from 1994-2004.  Unfortunately, the is no compelling evidence that the laws worked, and your justification is the political equivalent of a creationist who makes a "God of the gaps" argument.   This gives rise to the problem of now having laws on the books that don't actually reduce violence, but do create a legalistic mine field for citizens who wish to stay on the right side of the law.
http://tucson13.nytimes-institute.com/2013/05/23/sheriff-releases-photos-of-11-tucson-shooting/  During the attack, Loughner emptied one 33-round magazine into the crowd.* A second magazine jammed, giving bystanders a chance to tackle him before the first police officers arrived.*  http://articles.latimes.com/2011/jan/09/nation/la-na-0110-gabrielle-giffords-20110110  He finally changed the magazine and tried to fire, *but the gun jammed. * Meanwhile, two men from the crowd grabbed him and subdued him, officials said.
I would agree. Most of the reporters there probably aren't even aware of their bias, but you really only have to see how they portray organizations like the NRA and compare that to how they portray gun control groups.   You can also see it in what they choose to cover.   For example, here's a story they posted about the father of the Santa Barbara rampage killer meeting with the father who gave a speech in favor of gun control after the rampage.   http://www.npr.org/blogs/thetwo-way/2014/06/16/322592320/photos-father-of-santa-barbara-killer-meets-victims-dad  Take note of the context, though.   They didn't do any actual reporting because no NPR reporter was actually present, and the photographs were provided by a communications firm that works with anti-gun advocacy groups.   Given the context, it's clear that the story isn't a news report in the slightest, but rather the regurgitation of a press release accompanied by some emotionally loaded photos.
I had the same attitude, and only recently began supplementing after doing quite a bit of research on examine.com.  I've been using creatine for about a month now, along with some targeted use of vitamins and minerals (D3, zinc, magnesium, krill oil) and have noticed gains in my ability to complete WODs.  The difference isn't something massive, but I find that in really hard WODs where I have to really dig deep to finish, there's actually something at the bottom to use.   Frankly, I wish I had started supplementing years ago.
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg joins Colorado recall fray with $350K