The woman made 3 critical mistakes:  (1) She made the "mistake" of being born black.  (2) She's in Texas and she thought she was a citizen with rights.  (3) She did not did not grovel and show the proper "respect" for the cop.  So because she clearly showed she was "irritated" at the trivial traffic stop, she was killed, either flat-out murdered or left to die injured and alone in her jail cell.  It's just another day and another police murder in the police state we're taught to call the "land of the free."   "A policeman's job is only easy in a police state." -- Orson Welles.
Mythology, Barrel Bombs, and Human Rights Watch
This article is premised on the absurd notion that there is a concrete difference in foreign policy between Republicans and Democrats and that the US is a democracy and not some sort of plutocratic corporate oligarchy.  I mean, is this really surprising? The US has long viewed the UN as either an obstacle or a propaganda tool. Kings never want parliament involved in their wars. The War Powers Act is so 1960s -- it's been ignored from almost as soon as it was passed.  The Pentagon/president's desire to wage unpopular wars is why we abandoned the draft -- to create a "professional army" of indoctrinated "volunteers" so our militarists could wage unpopular wars without the mass resistance of both civilians and soldiers that we saw in our immoral war on Vietnam. From the point of view of American imperialists, the strategy has worked brilliantly.
There is currently a growing military/civilian gap that is both dangerous and unacceptable.  Very true. But that was planned -- a deliberate decision by the Pentagon.  The massive protests against the immoral war on Vietnam -- protests from both the civilian population of the US *and* from conscripted soldiers inside the military -- caused horror and shock in the US military.  The Pentagon chose to adopt the exact same strategy/tactic used by the British Empire -- the "professional" army. This was openly and candidly discussed in military journals of the immediate post-Vietnam era.  So the US abandoned military model of a republic, the shared burden of a draft of citizens which creates a rough cross-cut of society. The Pentagon then increased military pay, started massive advertising campaigns, and created a professional volunteer military.  The volunteer military is more expensive, but it yields two distinct advantages to our war-loving politicians:  * The first is that the soldiers volunteer for their duty. This means the military can easily squelch most dissent in the military simply by reminding soldiers that they volunteered.  * It means that fighting unpopular wars does not generate anywhere near as much public opposition as is generated by fighting wars with an army of conscripts. (And today we have the unending wars and experience to prove this!)  These are huge advantages for an empire. And they avoid some of the "problems" of an army of conscripted citizens.  For example, when the Egyptian people revolted against their US-backed dictator, we saw the disadvantage (or *advantage*?) of an army of conscripts -- the soldiers refused to fire on the peaceful protesters and the dictator fell from power. Later, when the US-backed/armed/funded Egyptian military overthrew their new elected government, the military had to use special elite units who would follow orders to slaughter the civilian supporters of the elected government to enact a reign of terror on the civilian population.  As you point out, one problem of the imperial "professional" army is that the military is far more distant from the people/country it claims to be "serving".  We see this happening today in the US. People give faux polite deference to the military and its soldiers, but we really don't care what soldiers are going through. This is only common sense, since deep down many Americans know that the sacrifices of US soldiers have nothing to do with serving our country, but the military instead functions in reality to seize markets, complete corporate conquests and to wage imperial struggles decided by our out-of-touch political class.  The sad thing is that we know where this all leads. Anyone familiar with the history of the Roman Empire should know about the deteriorating republic, the economic decline, and the rise of rampant militarism followed by the seizing of power by tyrants.   ...ensures everyone has "skin in the game" decreases the likelihood of ridiculous adventures like the Iraq invasion.  This is exactly why the Pentagon sought to abandon the draft and adopt the military model used by empires.  The bottom line is we need to decide if we're an empire or a republic -- we can't be both.   American history to be proud of: In 1971 the Pentagon counted 503,926 "incidents of desertion" since 1966 and reckoned that *more* *than* *half* of US ground forces in Vietnam openly opposed the war.
California I-10 bridge collapse will impact Arizona travel
How are these not two sides of the same coin?   Because we have proven solutions to deal with global warming right now. To assume some scientific solution means doing nothing today and then applying some risky geo-engineering gamble when things are really bad.   It's not the *people*, it's the *governments*.  I'd go a bit further than that, would echo Naomi Klein's analysis; it's not only the governments, it's capitalism. It's the entire economic system based on greed and short-term profits that doesn't give a damn about the environment, sustainability, sanity or actual people.
So, if these people are radicalized and they don't support the United States and they are disloyal to the United States, as a matter of principle fine. It's their right and it's our right and obligation to segregate them from the normal community for the duration of the conflict.  And the "duration" of the so-called "war on terror" is forever, right?  Don't worry, it'll be some time before this happens. Clark, the nutcase who risked WWIII over his disobeyed 1990s order at Pristina airport in the former Yugoslavia, is simply "floating" the idea to test public reaction.  Just like the US military and police are "only" practicing this in Texas today.  We don't have to *really* worry until more talking heads start advocating this idea, or the US house-of-cards economy collapses. Right?
There would be no war in Eastern Ukraine if Russia did not invade the country.  My guess is that Russia is supplying weapons and support, volunteers, and perhaps some specialist troops, but it's far from what anyone can call an "invasion". And again, Putin makes a valid point when he says he could easily take over the country if he wanted to.   And if you honestly believe that story about how Crimea was taken over,  Yes, I followed the events pretty closely from multiple sources. Are you saying the Crimean parliament did *not* do those things? Are you saying the Crimean peoples are marching in the streets in opposition to reunification with Russia?  Or are Crimeans *thankful* because they're better off, more free, and they're not going to have to endure the austerity that the EU will now inflict on the Ukrainian people?   and if you honestly think that the US overthrew the Ukrainian government twice (especially in 2004. Dude, are you kidding me?),  As one of our diplomats bragged, we spent $5 *billion* in Ukraine since the 1990s. The US government does not spend that kind of money on nothing.  We have a long history of overthrowing governments all across the world -- we've done it *many* times since WWII. We are *experts* at funding dissidents and protesters, manipulating internal grievances in a country, and overthrowing governments with so-called "colored revolutions." Ukraine's 2 coups just examples of our skulduggery.
No, what worries them much more deeply is that Iran might rejoin the community of nations, possibly even as a diplomatic (and eventually trading) partner of the United States and Europe.  I would disagree. What worries those opposed to the deal is that it *lessens* the ability of the US to enact regime change on Iran.  The US' goal is hegemony over the entire Middle East -- to have the entire region composed of US vassal states that will follow Washington's orders.  Iran is *independent.* An Iran integrated into the global community without sanctions is an Iran that will continue to be independent of Washington's orders. *That* is what imperialists in Washington oppose, that is why they created the fiction about nuclear weapons, and that is why they support regime change in Iran.   "I hate all forms of imperialism, and I consider the US brand to be the most loathsome and contemptible." -- Nelson Mandela.
Follow the money...   "There can be no effective control of corporations while their political activity remains. To put an end to it will be neither a short nor an easy task, but it can be done." -- US President Theodore (Teddy) Roosevelt
Oh, so we're supposed to ignore the impact of lobbying, FDR's famous observation "In politics, nothing happens by accident. If it happens, you can bet it was planned that way.", economic motives and incentives, and pretend that this system of debt peonage arose by accident?   "Theres class warfare, all right, but its my class, the rich class, thats making war, and were winning." -- Warren Buffett, the 2nd richest man in the world.
since it is the long standing, mature democracy.  We're not a democracy, we never have been. We're a republic.  Our propaganda systems preach we're a democracy, but that just is not true. For example, the American people only got the power to vote for our Senators around the time of WWI. And as I said, we still do not elect the US president as the recent 2000 election showed (in that election, more of the American people voted for Al Gore compared to George Bush, but the US' ruling class wanted Bush in power, so the Supreme Court issued a warped ruling to do just that; and that wasn't the first time a US president was put into office that way).  The sad thing is that we're losing our republic. Today the US government breaks whatever laws it wants to with impunity. Our Bill of Rights has been shattered and is routinely violated.  Last year a group of researchers from Princeton University did a study and reported that the US was actually an "oligarchy". (I would argue some sort of plutocratic oligarchy, but the difference is trivial.) This study got a fair amount of media publicity, which was surprising (see [this](http://www.commondreams.org/views/2014/04/14/us-oligarchy-not-democracy-says-scientific-study) or [that](http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-echochambers-27074746)).   But can you tell me where can I read more about this?  Okay, I'll take "this" to mean the problems with our electoral system, ballot access, and vote rigging/suppression. This is the tricky part. Off the top of my head I cannot think of any good books on the topic (though there are no doubt some).  Problems with our electoral system are *many.* But the big problem is that the issue is ignored by the corporate mass media. The media reports each instance individually, but they never put the individual instance into a greater context, and they never examine the system as a whole. After reporting on each incident, the media will then quickly move on to other news stories/infotainment.  People that do examine the electoral system as a whole and point out flaws are typically labeled "un-American" and are smeared as "radicals" or "conspiracy theorists" or some other disparagement.  But here are a few ways the electoral system is biased and rigged:  The plutocrats who control both the Republicans and Democrats work to make the entire electoral system as expensive as possible. This is done in many ways. Politicians have to pay for airtime on the corporate mass media -- thus, it is nearly impossible for candidates to get name recognition and publicity unless they are successful in begging for money. Presidential campaigns now cost over $1 *billion* -- and so we do not see candidates that are not approved of by the rich. Just the raw costs to simply get on the ballot in all 50 states costs well over $1 million -- again, a way to eliminate candidates that are not acceptable to the rich.  Even if a candidate gets on the ballot, they're still discriminated against. On election night, rather than treating all candidates equally the corporate mass media only reports on Republican and Democratic presidential candidates. Other so-called "third party" candidates (that "third party" label itself carries a type of bias which implies they're somehow an outsider or illegitimate candidate) have to wait days or weeks to just find out how many votes they got. For local elections, the discrimination is not as great, but the same trends and attitudes apply.  Ballot access is a major problem. Republicans and Democrats work to make it hard for candidates to get on the ballot, even for local elections. They claim that this is to prevent non-serious "frivolous" candidates while ignoring the fact that anyone has a *right* to be on the ballot. And the bottom line is that even in states that have relatively easy ballot access rules, they're not overrun with "frivolous" candidates. One way the 2 ruling parties restrict ballot access is to pass laws requiring a huge amount of signatures to get on the ballot, and that those signatures have to be collected in a very short time. This means that only a large, organized group can even attempt to get on the ballot. Another way of restricting ballot access is to require high fees from the state to check the signatures that have to be collected -- again, a way of using money to restrict ballot access.  In the post-Vietnam War era, the US passed a media access law that said that all candidates have to have equal media time. This is why today on our TVs we see the opposing Republican/Democratic party response after the president makes a speech. However, our corrupt courts have interpreted that law to apply to only Republicans and Democrats -- third-parties are ignored.  Even if a candidate gets onto the ballot the electorate is discriminated against. In many states, people who live in wealthy areas typically wait in line to vote for only a few minutes. But in poor areas, the wait in line to vote is often *hours* -- this is simply a way of biasing the vote. We have a long, dirty history of suppressing people's right to vote. We used to use everything from voting taxes to reading tests to discriminate and to deter poor people or black people from voting. We invented the entire system of "voter registration" in Pennsylvania to prevent/suppress uppity farmers from voting. But those old heavy-handed ways of suppressing people's right to vote have largely disappeared.  But as I said, we have a long history of this and it still goes on. Today many states are enacting requirements for people to have certain identification cards to vote -- a simply tactic to deter a percentage point or two of people from voting. (Intelligent voter suppression does not use heavy-handed methods; it rigs the vote using only small-but-significant percentage.) But the story is the same: The people being targeted for voter suppression are poor people, blacks and other minorities.  Give me some time to think about it and if I think of any good resources/books I'll add back to this thread.   "How to get people to vote against their interests and to really think against their interests is very clever. Its the cleverest ruling class that I have ever come across in history. Its been 200 years at it. Its superb." -- Gore Vidal
Greece is officially not a sovereign country, and the Greek people know that it is certainly no "democracy" where the will of the people count.  Instead, Greece is ruled by unelected capitalists.  Tsipras should resign in disgrace, and if not, the Greek people should riot until he flees office.
It doesn't matter what the law says the penalty is about hiring undocumented immigrants -- like our anti-trust laws, our corporate-controlled government simply refuses to enforce the law. Hell, in some cases the US government actually warns the corporation/employer in advance (so they can clean up their act and get their books in order) and then sweeps in to arrest the undocumented workers who are just trying to work and take care of their families.  That's what we're supposed to call "justice" here in the "land of the free".   "All the props of a democracy remain intact - elections, legislatures, media - but they predominantly function at the service of the oligarchy."  Richard Wolff
It was. And it was reported (though wildly under-reported).  Back in about 2004-5 the US Army's War College (the military academy where generals and higher ranking officers go to get an equivalent to a PhD in military studies) did a study and reported that *both* Iraq and Afghanistan were "strategic defeats" for the US. Thus, the War College called the wars very early.  But remember, that is *good.* Countries who wage wars of aggression and who unapologetically torture and commit war crimes *should* lose.   "To initiate a war of aggression, therefore, is not only an international crime; it is the supreme international crime differing only from other war crimes in that it contains within itself the accumulated evil of the whole." -- The chief American prosecutor, and later US Supreme Court justice, Robert H. Jackson at the post-WWII International Military Tribunal at Nuremberg which tried Nazi war criminals.
This is in contrast to what I heard on NPR, that they are taking new precautions.  Two thoughts come to mind:  The first is the government papering over the issues that caused the 2008/9 financial crisis. We passed a law or two to placate the public, and the entire unregulated derivatives market chugs on waiting for the next disaster.  The second is to consider the source: NPR. While NPR offers soft, objectively-spun criticism from a liberal perspective, we should never forget that NPR is funded by the US government and corporations (and a few people who contribute to their never-ending fund drives); thus NPR will *never* tackle our deep-seated issues of systemic corruption or question the fundamental growth-based mindset or morality of capitalism.