Have you personally had a paranormal/creepy experience that couldn't be easily debunked or explained? Share it!   I'd like to think I'm a pretty skeptical and rational person, and even though I'm interested and fascinated by all things creepy, more than once I've found myself thinking/saying to the TV "That's dust. That's caused by plumbing issues" etc.  But more than once, specifically in my childhood home, there were times I couldn't apply a rational explanation (even though I wanted to!)  Once, when I was about 18 and my younger sisters were 15 (twins) one of the Twins stayed home from school sick, and I was to take care of her while everyone else was at work/school. I made my sister a pallet of blankets and pillows in the living room floor, made her some lunch, and put on the TV (at a very very quiet volume) while I went into the kitchen to fold clothes. (our washer/dryer were behind a curtain in a recessed area of the dining room. It was an open floorplan house and everything branched off from the huge kitchen/dining room btw) While I was folding clothes, I was talking to our grandmother on the phone who says she's "sensitive"- I'm not sure about that, I know she exaggerates things, but she's a hell of a judge of character, and sometimes seems to know things she shouldn't.  Anyway, as I was folding clothes I FELT AND HEARD someone walk behind me, across the kitchen, toward the main door. The floor vibrated, and it made noise, like my dad walking in his workboots- but specifically him walking like he was angry or annoyed, so I looked back, and no one was there.  Then I realized, not only was no one there, but Daddy was at work, and my sister and I were the only ones home, and I know my sister didn't move, I could still see her from where I was standing. I ignored it, and continued talking to Nanny. It happened again and I looked behind me. Suddenly over the phone Nanny said "What's happening there?" and as I was about to tell her, I heard a really loud thud from the living room, and my sister jumped up and ran into the kitchen and yelled "SOMETHING TRIED TO STEP ON ME" in a rather hysterical tone. Now, I was creeped out. But my Nanny calmly said, over the phone in a loud tone, "Leave them alone." and nothing else creepy happened. (that day at least.)  I have to admit, I was pretty spooked, even though I tried to explain it away as 'knocking pipes.' I laid down in the floor with my sister and we watched "The jewelry channel" to bore ourselves to sleep.  TL;DR I was home with my sick sister when something or someone started stomping around, couldn't explain it, my grandma told it to stop over the phone and it did.
No, you're definitely not alone, She's like that and my Dad is actually like that too, he laughs about it because they're similar. I mean, I can recognize when stuff is bad sure, but it doesn't occur to me to hone in on flaws in stuff that I like. I'm kind of glad though, its probably harder to enjoy stuff for people like y'all.
Holy shit.
Ashley as a name can go either way. Ash from the Evil Dead is an Ashley.
UGH I ALMOST INCLUDED THIS ONE IN THE MAIN POST. I dont hate it as much as Bad Blood but close. It's so, so grating and I have to hear it on the radio and then in commercials.
I dislike that one too. Not hate with a fiery passion but really dislike. Why. Why is it played so much.
Tom Cruise.
FLAPJAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK!
Oculus. I'm still angry.
I do this sober. I never thought to do it drunk, but I bet a boiled egg makes a great drunk snack.
Twilight, Entourage, Most Facebook games, GLEE FUCKING GLEE
Being quarantined on the ship. I hate ports that do that.
That the police arrested you for ripping the tags off of mattresses, talking back, and a host of other normal kid offenses.
I still say that occasionally.
Same. I loved it once upon a time and have fond memories of it, and now I feel grossed out by what it's become but I have a weird loyalty to it and it's like I'm trapped by it in a way. Oh, show. I wish they'd let you die.  It's so sad because they have unique ideas and characters that they never execute properly, or just kill off or write off in the most disappointing of ways. Things have such potential and then get wasted.
The Dream.