The issue is the poverty that exists before the payment.  That's the problem.  Correcting with a check can't solve the fundamental problem, although it certainly helps, but not enough.  With all the focus on the middle class I'm glad he's mentioning the poor.  They are really suffering.
No surprise at all.  She's pumped full of bank and corporate money.  She is for TPP, the pipeline, Wall Street.  She's not for the citizenry.
There is nothing he can do to win.
The far right Republicans of Wisconsin are flagrantly rampaging against democracy. They aren't even subtle about it - they've gotten away with it for so long they don't even pretend to follow the rules. How about a new requirement for running for political office? Potential candidates have to take a test on the constitution, with emphasis on the Bill of Rights.
1. Bernie 1941; Biden 1942; Clinton 1947. They're all old. So what? 2. Too soon to say, given his surge.  Don't nip it in the bud - let this movement blossom across the nation.
Hilarious.
At Burger King.
Thanks very much for this link.  Yes, that's Truecrypt.  Here's what he said about his educational background:  "I have quite typical Soviet/Russian musical background, but I was lucky to study in Moscow in early 70s - - definitely the best place to be a piano student at that time.  Let me just mention some of the teachers: Lev Oborin, Yakov Flier, Yakov Zak, Yakov Milstein, Lev Naumov, Boris Zemlyansky, Dmitri Bashkirov, Eliso Virsaladze, Stanislav Neuhaus, Tatiana Nikolayeva  Not to mention great teachers at the Gnesin Institute  Alexander Ioheles, Maria Yudina, Maria Grinberg, Naum Starkman, Oleg Boshniakovich  Hope you can imagine the atmosphere! All these great musicians were completely accessible, i.e. their lessons were open to public.  The list of students wasnt too shabby either: Egorov, Pletnev, Pogorelich, Gavrilov, Igolinsky, Demidenko, Dang Thai Son, Postnikova, Shebanova and many more So, it was a pretty good background!"
I'll look forward to your post.  I am madly in love with Mozart, especially his operas, and would like to be more familiar with the musical context in which he matured.  Of Hasse, I only know his comment about young Mozart: "This boy will consign us to oblivion" or something like that.  Thanks very much for the recommendations.  I'll definitely check out the Pergolesi.  There was a beautiful old film made of La Serva Padrona with stunning Anna Moffo.  I saw it in chunks on YouTube, but it was missing the delightful finale.
No, he's really a phenomenal artist who was trained in the Moscow Conservatory, I believe.  He was unable to have a performing career, probably because of unspeakable political difficulties, and I think he went into computer programming.  His Pictures at an Exhibition is superb!
Scott Walker will go down in history as the ideologue destroyer of Wisconsin's economy, environment, educational system and public image.  He's the creator of the now backward Wisissippi and is the darling of the mentally arthritic old white men who rule (and vote in)  this state.  He's a disgrace to the legacy of Wisconsin.  As an arrogantly ignorant anti-intellectual, among his worst crimes may be the harm being done to the state's flagship school, the UW.  He'll never be the president because it will be too easy to out him as the Koch brother's idiot whore.  Even the American voting public won't tolerate a smarmy little liar like Scott Walker.
Ljuba Welitsch's Salome was unforgettable.  Here she is with Fritz Reiner and Hans Hotter, one of the greatest Wotans.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9SJMlNDFS0Q She recorded the final scene with Reiner in 1949 - hair raising: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3BReBIkkExM
Bernie over anyone.  Rand hates women.
Marital rape is still legal in India, and violence against women is horribly prevalent on a global level.  In Russia, before the revolution, it was common for the landowners (serf/slave owners) and the rich to sexually exploit serfs with no consequences.  Just read about Tchaikovsky's relationship with his servant.    I would like to add that on reddit, in the comments, I observe so  much disrespect and violent thoughts directed at women that it is repulsive.
Arctic ice melt to release 1 trillion pieces of plastic into sea
Aloe gel, let it dry. Then try some coconut oil or olive oil and let it soak in.