Alright...  Alexander Skarsgard, Michael Chiklis, Emile Hirsch, and Rosamund Pike, respectively.
Confirmed. On all three counts.
Not have the main character happen to find the hottest woman in the world and bang her within a few days, all while fighting the undead. I hated that. Thought it was absolutely ridiculous.
Haha! I've been known to kill a few silver bullets in my time. But I'm not real particular when it comes to beer. I pretty much drink it all. And yes.......I will drink it all.
Thanks for the love! Glad you enjoyed the books!
Nice! Tell that prick to stay safe.
No, not on purpose. Although the new versions since Orbit got ahold of them are numbered.  Ah yes, the "no recap" thing. Man, I might be the only person in the world, but I can't stand recaps. No matter how subtly they're squeezed into a story, I always end up turning the page and saying, "yeah, no shit, I just read that." So I decided to write mine almost like one big story that had been cut up. Now, you're not the only person that finds that annoying, so maybe I'm the asshole here. That's quite possible. Something for me to think about in future works.  It wasn't a hard decision to end it at all. In fact, it wasn't really a decision. I had intended to end it at three books. But about halfway through the third book I realized there was no effing way I was finishing this big of a story (because it was very big in my mind) in the pages I had left. So then I just wrote until the story was done. Which ended up being six books.  The current covers are not me. The previous covers when I was self-publishing? Yes, those are me.  Thanks for reading!
Hahaha! I dunno, there may come a time when he needs to be resurrected...
I'm so glad you asked.  One horse-sized duck. I'd take that bastard on all day. But I can't split my attention 100 ways. With the bigun', I can just grab on and start yanking out down. It would be soft and enjoyable for me, and very painful for the horse-sized duck. I would win by pain compliance.
Sloppy. If I have to strategize how I'm going to get it in my face hole, then it's a good sandwich.
Ooooh....you devil.  I'd have to go with...Pierce Brown. Because he's an amazing author that made me miss my bedtime several nights in a row. Bastard. And I think he would be able to do it gritty, but intelligently.
Thanks for the love! Yes, I'll most likely return to the series, or at least the CONCEPT of the series at some point in time.
Definitely something else. For now.  My book that's being shopped right now (Wolves) is post-apocalyptic, but that's really more of just the setting of the story, and not necessarily the story itself.  The book I'm writing right now is...dystopian. And has to do with revolution, which is a touchy subject. But I'm having fun.  Well, the rights are taken. We'll just have to cross our fingers and see what happens!
Thanks!
Of All Time. Those are big, scary words. But when I think of my favorite books, I think about the books that had an emotional impact on me, good or bad. Blood Meridian by Cormac McCarthy always comes to mind when Im thinking about books that match that criteria. At the end of it I kind of just slowly closed the book and stared out the window for a while. It was also one of the rare books that I had to re-read to really get a better grasp on.  Id been writing to try and get published for a while. Then I took a break from writing altogether to pursue a career in law enforcement. Then I decided to write as a sort of stress relief, and to write whatever the hell I wanted to write and not worry about publication. Ive always been interested in survival and post-apocalyptic stories and sobamThe Remaining was born.  Oh man. What character do I identify with? Dont make me say it! Obviously, I identify with Lee in a lot of ways, but if Im being honest with myself, Lee is way more political than I am. Id probably have to say Im most similar to LaRouchefriendly most of the time, but with a tendency towards self-sabotage and kind of coarse. I really do have a warm caramel centerit just takes a little whiskey to get it out.  Haven't read it, so couldn't speak intelligently.
Dammit! Theyre on to me! *pretends to write furiously*  Thanks for reading!