it's not ruined. I meant great whatever as in okay, she acted zany which doesnt take away from the absurdity in this video. You know when somebody tries too hard and its absurd? Why are people not getting that? Are you her son?
Wow, that was really fucking hilarious. His manureisms really reminded me of a buddy. I have to send this to him.
Yep. Doesn't do shit for me.
I'm speechless. I never knew of this thing but of course it exists because I made some random 10 foot back pack comment and it seriously looks like it 10 ft. hilarious. thank you.
It's pretty good. Better than anything else I've tried here on the shoreline. While it's not really authentic they do what they do well. They put tomatoes and lettuce and shredded cheese on their tacos. I just prefer some fresh cilantro and chopped onion.   The flavors and quality of cooking is spot on, though.   I definitely recommend.   Side note: If you like Thai and are in Niantic you need to check out The Spice Club.
it's too bad for some people. You guys spoke and a certain someone doesnt like how its going and many of you agreed (a majority) so I deleted a few things. They had upwords of 30 upvotes and were about a cool band playing around here but sadly the post came from the venue. :(
Thing is people have been doing it for at least the past two years. As I said, it's not a problem right now. When I or another mod notices it it will be handled. I understand your issue but it's not a big problem right now. If it becomes one I'll deal with it.
Saw this just a bit ago. 95 north in Connecticut.
Man, I have to say they really pulled it off losing a member and carrying on with the same feel.   I got into them really early when they were just starting to hit the scene. Loved everything and then responsibility and my 30's hit and  for some reason keeping up on albums etc went by the wayside.  I spent a good 5-6 years just throwing on the old stuff I knew or just talk radio when it came to silence.  Listening to El Pintor for my first time all the way through. (I know, i'm late) but damn its almost a better feel knowing its a trio. That video for Everything is Wrong. Holy shit is that not the coolest video. 10/10 on that video.
Oh, shit.
I must say that these past two episodes have been top notch.   I think they held on to some big guns in the writing department for this series finale via 4 episodes. There was a time where I was falling "out of love" with the show but these past 2 episodes have really brought me back and now I'm super sad its really going to end.   I am preparing myself by starting to watch Six Feet Under all the way through (again)
I mean, come on.
Was told to come over here and post this. My first truck I have ever owned. I love it.
Today I have surpassed one week. I never thought it was possible. Today I had a really rough day and I know I was an ass to some people. They understood. It's amazing. The feeling of choosing *not* to smoke. I swear I always thought I would never have that choice.   Thanks for reading. I know this isn't mind blowing or some great story but I am glad this sub exists so I am able to get it off my chest to some people who it means something to.
I followed a turkey vulture around for a bit until it gave me a chance for a shot. What do you guys think? (1024x678) [oc]
Gee, thanks.