Link to journal article: http://journals.aps.org/prl/abstract/10.1103/PhysRevLett.114.215001
New analysis finds that if the world built nuclear power at a similar rate to Sweden or France, all fossil fuel electricity could be displaced in 25-34 years, reducing carbon emissions by half.
After using search engines, people overestimate their ability to explain ideas.
The Austrian Gaming Expert Who Has a Collection of 40,000 Video Games
Casual sex is commonly considered negative, but a new study shows that amongst people who like it, casual sex is linked to higher self-esteem and life satisfaction as well as lower depression and anxiety.
Another reason not to use Apple Maps...
Sure thing! Sorry, I didn't read the new rules. Whoops.
By tracking brain activity when an animal stops to look around its environment, neuroscientists at Johns Hopkins University believe they can mark the birth of a memory.
Seemed to me like the author did a decent job of summing up the research and then applying a critical, skeptical mindset to the results, which any decent science journalist should do.  Any scientific research is limited in scope in some fashion, but the point of comparing a one-off study like this to prior research is to give perspective. Sure, maybe the prior research had some limitations, but a whole lot of it also seemed to have reached the opposite conclusion as the current study, which is very important to know!
The results of this study really aren't surprising. If teens start using nicotine before adulthood, they're more likely to crave nicotine throughout their lives. Prior research has demonstrated that brain development is altered with nicotine use.   A major limitation of the study to keep in mind: "The studys cross-sectional nature didnt allow the researchers to identify whether most youths initiated with conventional cigarettes or e-cigarettes."  That's a pretty big drawback.
Scientists explain the "munchies." THC fits into receptors in the brain's olfactory bulb, significantly increasing the ability to smell and taste food.
For all those people eating paleo diets thinking to themselves that calories in vs. calories out doesn't matter, this study reported that obese people UNDERESTIMATED their intake by about 800 calories a day. So the largest individuals in society are actually eating a lot more. Thus -- if true -- the results of this study seem to further reinforce the USDA's general stance on obesity, that we just need to eat less and exercise more.  Study is here, btw: http://www.plosone.org/article/info%3Adoi%2F10.1371%2Fjournal.pone.0076632
A nearby alien planet six times the size of the Earth is covered with a water-rich atmosphere that includes a strange "plasma form" of water.
NIF's biggest problem is being able to sustain and control the fusion reaction. Judging by the article it doesn't seem that fusion ignition occurred, where the reaction actually becomes self-sustaining. In other words, I'm guessing that they didn't reach the break even point, if they did, that would be the headline.
Yep. The study was also conducted in vitro, so that could also affect the results.   What's really interesting here is that short-term exercise produced the hormonal changes with inhibitory effects on cancer cell growth. A previous study showed long-term exercise to have such an effect: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11490320.
Scientists have designed what is effectively an electronic dildo for collecting semen from male parrots. It's a vast improvement over the old method, "rhythmically massaging" the cloaca, and should greatly boost conservation efforts.