Yeah, I saw that a while ago (I'm one of those people who follows him on Twitter after having seen many times, "You'd know this already if you followed me on Twitter").  To be fair though he was being pretty silly.  He could have just as easily parked the car rather than go through the drivethrough backwards.  He was being...Doug DeMuro.
See, that's funny...I don't find broccoli rabe bitter.  I get it on pizza sometimes at a place we like to go do.  Might have it tonight in fact.
Eight and a half years?  Wow dude (I'm assuming dude).  That's a long time to keep a secret.  You were probably all psyched up for one or two different potential mind blowing reactions and when she was just "that's nice dear, I love you; please pass the salt" you didn't know what to do with yourself.  Props for finally being honest with the person you share your life with though.  They're always the hardest when they ought to be the easiest.  Funny huh?  I made it a point a long time ago to basically "come out" on the first date...My current (and likely final; going to follow Beyonc's advice one of these days...) girlfriend embraces it completely.  Hell - she'd watch if I'd let her (not that we have an open relationship nor do I believe in that sort of thing but it's a fantasy of hers).  And hey, if you can be someone's fantasy then that's pretty awesome ;)
I looked at it from the perspective of taking four pounds (I have the Raceseng) off the very front of the car - not so much for the rotating mass benefit but the improvement to the polar moment of inertia and CG of the vehicle (between the stock muffler-single delete and spare/tool removal that's almost 60 lbs off the extreme rear of the car).  Balancing that in the engine bay is harder and more expensive but every little bit helps.  Up front I did the pulley for -4 lbs and LiFePO4 batt for -26 lbs but I also did Grimmspeed MC brace, STB and intake for a gain of around 4-5 lbs.  Net change up front then is -25 lbs give or take.
OP...Best advice is maybe not to obsess about passing and just do your best.  You seem to be posting about this quite a bit this week.  Maybe take a break from it?  Maybe wait to take the test until it's a less stressful time?  I dunno.  That was almost 20 years ago now for me.  All I remember is that I made a right on red that I shouldn't have but they gave me a pass because the sign was really high up on the pole and hard to see in the vehicle I was testing in.
Yes, I do upgrade my PC.  I bought my last rather than do a homebuild, but since then I've upgraded storage twice (small SSD and then a larger SSD, swapping the small SSD into my bedroom HTPC), and graphics card to a newer single then an SLI configuration.  Processor, I still haven't needed as I'm just at 1080P on my living room TV and I've gotten tired of FPSs.  I certainly understand the parallels - I think though it's probably a case of a phone being much more important to some folks than they are to me, since I can't really do anything with it for work like a lot of folks seem to.  Thanks all for the explainers :)
Treasure Island?  Taken pics there many times over the years.  Usually I go on the west side of the gate facing the city and hope for a moment alone.  Doesn't always work out though.  This was from visiting family before we moved to MD in 2013 (the Ram).  [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/O4hH52f.jpg)
[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/Lzz5Ljg.jpg)
Pens.
I think you have misperceived the intent of my comments, but that's ok.  There was never an implication of joking.  In fact, I'm not even disagreeing with you, or taking this seriously as you seem to be.
Unfortunately the only way is to spend some time learning.  A lot of how-tos from here:  http://lmgtfy.com/?q=adb+how+to  http://forum.xda-developers.com/lg-g3/general/guide-connecting-lg-g3-to-linux-adb-aka-t2821673  http://forum.xda-developers.com/verizon-lg-g3/help/vzw-g3-detected-adb-t2819713
Anything's possible.  Could always flash back to stock.
Moving magnetic fields are how things get screwed up.  There are tons of magnets around you every day and your credit cards and phone don't get wiped out.  High voltage lines generate huge magnetic fields and they don't kill your car when you drive under them.  I've been using a magnet mount with an iPhone 5S and now an LG G3 in my FRS for 5 months now, without any issues whatsoever.  They do test these things, you know.  Also, yes, I'm fully qualified to make the statements herein as I am a degreed electrical engineer.
Are you kidding me with this nonsense?  Even without a muffler, the car is below limits.  My stock CBR1000RR motorcycle is louder.  Many cars come without spares.  Our Hyundai Sonata, for example, came with a flat repair kit.  So does the Porsche Boxster, Cayman, Corvette, Chevrolet SS...I carry a 2 lb flat repair kit I chose based on Amazon reviews, and roadside assistance coverage, which comes with the car if you weren't aware.  http://www.scion.com/promotions/serviceboost/  Also, do you really think someone you force to ride in the backseat of your FRS will still be your friend once they get out of the car?  I would never put an adult back there.  We have other vehicles when we  want people to ride places with us.  The rest of the time. the blonde in my  passenger seat is the only "friend" I need.  I don't autoX so if that's what you'd rather spend your money on, more power to  you, but don't insult my choices just because they're different than your own.
The 86 is my first manual vehicle.  It was the first manual vehicle I've ever even driven.  The first time I drove it was after I signed the papers.  (I'd driven the auto of course but not the manual).  I drive it in DC.  The clutch is pretty light.  I have a messed up left knee and sometimes it causes me pain after driving for long periods of time in traffic but it's worth it, honestly.  Also, the auto's rearend is geared up from the manual (numerically lower) - it'll get better gas mileage but it will always be slower.
Dude, this is 2014.  It's easy to measure - they do it by sending a laser across the road and seeing how your emissions "cloud" affects the received energy.  A few quick links...this has been around a while.  And it's not just in CA, but typically CA and NY are the most strict with this sort of thing.  http://www.smogtips.com/remote_sensing.cfm  http://www.talonclub.com/forum/showthread.php?12292-Roadside-Sniffer-may-be-hosed s=85769418533926c1a46ed2a0eafada48  http://articles.latimes.com/1996-12-07/local/me-6547_1_remote-sensors