From what I've read, yes.
Words right from Sandra Bullock in 2013-   "Well, think of a bidet, right? said Bullock. Theres several processes. You have number one, you have number two, and then the cleanup.  But it doesnt stop there. Turns out the seashells are also musical instruments. You can use them as little maracas as well, continued Bullock, giving an example of the sort of beat you can drop with the futures answer to toilet paper. See, its a musical instrument, and its a hygiene element!
Scooby Doo. Do nothing but get high with a talking dog and a stoner, solve mysteries, eat food, and hook up with Daphne...or Velma, I'd do Velma too.
Can we all collectively pick a day soon and everyone just bomb 4Chan with useful things such as knowledge and whatnot? Literally take it over, because all day today it was shit talk on Redditors how we can't take a site over if we wanted. We can, and we will.    Let's do it.
Uh, where's that. lol
Two towers fall.
Nobody's fucking with you man...[Check it out](http://www.cinemablend.com/new/Joe-Dirt-2-Happening-Here-Specifics-67643.html)
Progress my ass. Janice's father had just received a pretty sizable bonus and was front runner for the General Manager of the Furniture and Pie Emporium, which would've included a hefty pay raise as well. Why would he leave that position, especially considering the entire family's deep rooted ties to the community. THEY started the Neighborhood Watch (which ended up a big hit and reducing teen smoking), but, as we all know, Rawlins despised it as he was known to smoke cigarettes and they would always hassle him for curfew. Two big no no's for Neighborhood Watch. If these sheeple would open their eyes they would see that Rawlins has already been on-record saying Neighborhood Watch is "stupid," and they "don't need it." Don't need it? Teen smoking down 15%, Dad's are happier as they feel cool at night, Mom's can drink wine in peace while Dad is gone, it makes everyone happier. Don't need it Rawlins? Maybe we don't need you.  Mark's gold digging for voters and we all know it. Why have they never kissed in public? Can we talk about Karen's brand new Audi she came to school in? Her parents drive Chevy's because they are a middle class family. You think she got that all by herself? Part time host at Applebee's isn't buying you a new Audi sweetheart.
YUP!
Trust me on this, nobody forgot about Nnamdi in Philly. The entire city hates him.
Sounds good!  I'll take the upvote over your butthurt.
It's more of a hagabadla.
Building in Philly turned into ice palace
That will definitely NOT annoy me. I am one of the few around this area that doesn't seem to be in a crazy rush to get to EVERYWHERE. That gets me kind of excited.
Ugh still don't know yet. A Pete, Aaron Rodgers, (Aaron Hernandez lol) the more I think about it, the more I think Megatron might be taken. What else could I go for? I was thinking maybe CJ Spiller, but like I said, not sure who is being kept. Our commissioner is kind of lackluster this year with relaying information.
Reddit.