Typical Countryfolk
Redrock Micro's HLO May Just Change the Way We Think About Pulling Focus (X-Post r/Cinematography)
The Last Of US.
Thank god someone mentioned this, such a terrific film with a really interesting script and intriguing characters despite most of them not being visible.  We had the producer come and introduce it to us at uni and told us some fun facts about the film. Apparently the script was wrote between Boxing Day and New Years and was pretty much the final draft. It was also a 5 day shoot that entailed Tom driving around the same intersection with a camera strapped to the bonnet of the car. The other actors spoke to him whilst sat in a hotel reading through their lines.
I see the Kill Bill saga Tarantino's homage to Asian films. The first one features about 50 direct references to other films that inspired him across his career while Volume 2 is the western influence of these films. It is all shown in this video that shows these references. https://vimeo.com/19469447 Tarantino has always said he is more of a film lover then a film maker which I respect from him and adds more context to this film as it is often seen as one of his most misunderstood films.
Me there a month ago. I actually stood on that set. Here is that photo but you can see a lot more. https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10151883610634208 set=pb.834289207.-2207520000.1379889721. type=3 theater
She was really pleasant to talk too despite her day off and was happy to take a picture. You'd be surprised actually, another 6 people recognised her when she was walking away.
It is indeed.
I have only been in Dubrovnik so far but I am going to Split next Tues. So far Dubrovnik is one of the most beautiful places i have been too with loads to do and I have only been here for three days. The city has a massive hill to the left and beautiful sea and islands to the right so gives it a look that is very hard to find in other scenery's. It is also very cheap over here as well so would highly recommend it for travelling. I could message you when I get to Split and let you know how it is over there if you would like?
No I would be skeptical too. Me and my gf just managed to book the right place at the right time. Adds a new level of fun to a holiday.
TIL The famous "Margherti" scene from Inglorious Basterds is a reference to the director of "Cannibal Apocalypse" Antonio Marghereti. He is also a character in the game Dead Island.
Never tried this position when gaming
Bill Murray.
Kung Fu Monkey
Romney winning the election.
"When Life Gives You Lemons, You Paint That Shit Gold" is one of the best hip-hop albums I have ever heard and probably will be to date. More human and realistic lyrics then the likes of current artists.