... and of course the photo they show is Barnes   Noble, one of the chains that will be *closed* on Thanksgiving.  oh, wait.  I misread the title :)
Salvete Omnes! Browsing Reddit instead of working on your Latin homework? Then check out my new app for Wheelock's Latin!
"And as a prudent man puts money by to serve as a provision for the material wants of his old age, so too he needs to lay up against the end of his days provision for the intellect. As the years go by, comparative values are found to alter: Time, says Sophocles, takes many things which once were pleasures and brings them nearer to pain. In the day when the strong men shall bow themselves, and desire shall fail, it will be a matter of yet more concern than now, whether one can say `my mind to me a kingdom is'; and whether the windows of the soul look out upon a broad and delightful landscape, or face nothing but a brick wall."  -- [A.E. Housman](http://www.chiark.greenend.org.uk/~martinh/poems/introductory.html)
How exactly did Hundreds of Deaths cause Jindal to Refuse to expand Medicaid?
So this duck walks into a drugstore ...   So this duck walks into a drugstore and gets a pack of gum.  The cashier says, "That'll be $1."  The duck says, "Just put it on my bill."  The next day, the duck comes back and gets a pack of condoms.  The cashier says, "That'll be $5.  I suppose you want me to put them on your bill."  The duck says, "No thanks, I'm not that kind of duck."
Help! Why are my ribs never done?   I'm using a standard Char-broil offset smoker, and I'm monitoring the temperature, keeping it between 230 and 250 for 7, or even 8 hours.  I've also got a water pan in there to keep things moist.  But the ribs and boston butt are never done, and the fat isn't completely rendered, so I have to finish them in a 350 degree oven for half an hour to an hour.  How can they not be done after 8 hours?   The only other clue I have is that I'm monitoring the temperature with a redi-check remote thermometer, which is an internal-temperature thermometer; is it possible that this is giving me an incorrect reading?  This is driving me insane.  I'd appreciate any advice, Pitmasters.  EDIT: OK, thanks for the advice.  It sounds like I need a new thermometer, and to learn about this newfangled "3-2-1 Method".  Depending on how that works, I'll look into heat loss.  BTW, I'm not using the thermometer for internal meat temperature, I'm using it for the ambient internal temperature of the smoker.
Sweet!  I'll get on that :)
On Jim Cramer (Mad Money): "When people look at his record, the best thing you could actually do, is, the second he says to buy something, is to immediately short it, or bet against it."
Thank you, Clarice.
40 Years ago Michael Hart hand-typed the Declaration of Independence and released it on his university network.  Happy Birthday Project Gutenberg!
*Suus cuique crepitus bene olet.*  Everyone thinks his own fart smells sweet  -- From the Adages of Erasmus
A is for Amy who fell down the stairs, B is for Basil assaulted by bears. ... Am I the only one whose 3yo daughter picks this for bedtime?
Alec Baldwin: Don't Pledge to NPR!
So you have no research, just an anecdote.  I'd be more reassured if there weren't so many examples of people who didn't develop "thicker skin with everyone out there who tries to build themselves up by tearing you down", but ended up excluded from cliques, miserable, harassed, and sometimes bullied to the point of committing suicide: http://www.cbs3springfield.com/news/local/97624929.html  If public school is really supposed to teach people how to deal with that bullshit, it's not doing a great job.  In real life, you can in fact "bug out" if you decide you're not having a good time, you're not forced to hang out with jerks.  You should read some Gatto: http://www.informationliberation.com/?id=11375
One night I was out with some friends, and we were waiting on the subway platform, and there was this "performer" singing.  She was terrible.  I mean really bad.  After a few minutes I walked over and offered her $2 if she would *stop* singing until the train came.  She agreed.  My friends were divided into "What an asshole", and "he's my hero" camps.  To this day, I really don't see the problem, but my wife is still embarrassed about it.
A couple of years ago I had the idea for a joke site where users could submit jokes and vote other users' jokes up or down.   Hmmm ... sounds familiar.  Anyways, I didn't do a good job of promoting it, but here it is: a href="http://funnyr.com/"funnyr.com/a