In short, TLR4 receptors are part of the inflammatory signaling pathways that respond to things like bacterial infections. While some evidence existed that these receptors could affect insulin sensitivity, there was much debate as to the nature of this effect since it was only described in genetic knockout animals. These researchers used pharmacological tools to conclude that TLR4 block in vivo restored insulin sensitivity in both the periphery and the liver directly, and not because of influencing weight gain and fat deposition (as suggested in other studies). Does this make TLR4 a novel target for type 2 diabetes? Perhaps...but the well-documented role for TLR4 in immune responses leave me dubious. Nonetheless, and interesting read -- for those interested in receptor pharmacology!
In other words: I don't think it's been documented, nor do I think it's possible for anyone to "have a clue".
You're welcome!!
Some yes, some no. In this case the venom breaks up clots, not causes clots. The title is wrong.
They seem to make the implication that this new anti-thrombotic has a reduced risk of bleeding -- without testing that at all. If you can't clot, you're going to bleed...right? So that danger is still present.   To me, the novelty here is the ability to produce heterodimeric proteins in yeast in a balanced way; this opens up a LOT of novel methodologies for investigating new therapeutic agents that act as heterodimers instead of monomers or homodimers...and also as a screening tool to find small molecules that can interfere with heterodimerization in a now-measurable (and better controlled) way.  I find THAT part of the study extremely interesting and promising.
My best guess without doing a lot of digging is the relative metabolic demand of the tissues as compared with the blood volume. There is less blood to be pumped (and a much smaller heart to do it), and that creates the issue. For some small animals, a pretty high metabolic demand is present for many tissues. Same reason your heart rate goes up during exercise: think of a chipmunk, bouncing around all the time -- it takes a lot of energy to do that, and thus a high heart rate.   Thus, I imagine the high HR is related to high metabolic demand of the animal's organs and tissues, and the small volume of blood present to carry nutrients to meet that demand...even when docile.
Wrong kind of rocket pop. And the bumper says "watch children". Eew.
Amusing, yet extraordinarily accurate. Unfortunately, I think "Overselling" has almost become commonplace...that is, if you want a chance at funding. Yes, sometimes what we do as scientists is esoteric and incremental - but that doesn't mean it isn't exceptionally important.  But hey, we can't all cure cancer with every grant application or paper. It's too bad we don't always just say that.
Interesting question, and I am sorry your tutor vastly over-simplified the answer. It is true that inter-cellular space is nearly nonexistent, as the role of an epithelium is as a barrier. But, it is not true that they only excrete substances. Epithelial cells can express a myriad of transporters, ion channels, and pores that allow all sorts of different things into, out of, and through the epithelial cells. It varies based on the epithelial type in question.  I am wondering one thing, though: to me, the epithelium I think of last is the skin (I research the urinary bladder for a living). The questions you bring up here seem to be related to "transport" across the epidermis' stratum corneum (outer layer of skin) and not an epithelium in the more general sense.   The stratum corner is a pretty tight barrier against a lot of stuff, but it is still made up of cells with hydrophobic membranes...so many hydrophobic compounds and lipophilic small molecules are more than happy to alter the cell membrane stiffness and pliability and/or pass right through. Thus, most of the moisturizers you use aren't really imparting water, per se...but imparting elasticity and flexibility.   As far as the patches and lead and mercury and stuff? Some patches increase permeability chemically, some have special formulations of the drugs that allow them to pass through the cells, and some just rely on simple diffusion of tiny molecules that are intrinsically capable of passing through the skin. The heavy metals you speak of, as inorganic ions, aren't particularly well-absorbed (IMO)...however, organic molecules containing lead and mercury are EXTREMELY well-absorbed through the stratum corneum and EXTREMELY toxic. Again, this is because of the lipophilicity of the organic compound and thus it's ability to basically pass right through the cell membranes.
Well, in the simple sense, if your ic50 values are within the confidence intervals of the ic50 values reported  elsewhere, then it seems you could attest that your values are not significantly different from the original values. I can't think of a statistically legitimate way to make the comparison between 2 separate groups without at least knowing the variance within one of the groups. Then you can see if your value fits within that variance.
Something else...the "effects" of which you speak are either due to TRPV1-expressing sensory nerves near your rectum, or due to inflammation in response to large, local release of neurotransmitters due to nerve activation. Interestingly, from a pharmacological perspective, menthol and capsaicin are really doing the exact same thing: opening an ion channel that is depolarizing a sensory nerve. The fact that we perceive it as cold vs. hot is merely coincidental...so, sadly, no balance. Might actually feel WORSE, given the circumstances. :)
Euchre. Well-known in the Midwest US, but otherwise not so much (it seems). Three and 4 player iterations exist.
Waiting.
All of Apple Store and iTunes down; "STAUS_CODE_ERROR".
3rd on burp cloths...but butt wipes are also seemingly ALWAYS in short supply.
You mean, you DON'T?