So she's already a lying, manipulating bitch.
To add to this, smoked salmon and an artisan grain cracker. That's what I eat when I drink Stella.
I met Michael Buble at a bakeshop near my college last year. He was placing an order for an afterparty for his concert the next day, all the staff were posing and he had a bakers hat on.  Dude looks hella old when he has no makeup and a week's scruff on his face.
All that screaming is just for cameras. Chefs can be sued now for unhealthy working environments and abuse.  Also, as a cook in the fine dining industry, to hell with competitive cooking. That is not what food is about. Every level headed chef will tell you all food has a time and place.  Duck confit? Delicious French cuisine. Shitty McBurger? Good drunk food. It doesn't matter as long as you enjoy it. One of those cooks might brew up the best recipe for braised cow tongue, but if no one wants it, who cares?
I hate elo hell!!!  No, I did not steal your kill with my rocket grab, I secured the kill you couldn't be bothered to aa for the kill!  I've taken a liking to playing balls deep aggressive Blitzcrank support, and the last few games have been nothing but adcs with zero follow up. I literally set up double kills and all the adc has to do, but doesn't, is show up, use an ability and aa, and bam, time to kill a turret.
In the same vein, if you're not on a major unlit highway, turn your damn highbeams off. I'm sick of being in parking lots and side streets late at night and being half blind the whole time.  Unless there's a catastrophic storm worth of rain or snow pouring in the city, regular lights work just fine!
Reminds me of that scene in 1000 Ways to Die in the West where NPR pulls out a dollar and the scruffy father tells his son "take your hat off! That there is a real dollar!"
So many hotkeys? Haha! The only game I've ever played with less buttons to push was Pokemon, when I was 6.  I've played a lot of games, and nearly all of them had more hotkeys.  Fast forward many years, my Naga has every button and scroll wheel position bound with shift and control modifiers. Now THAT is a lot of hotkeys.
Not sure if I want to upvote nearly every comment in this post because I agree, or because its 8 am Christmas day and I haven't slept yet.
Dont hate my tilly
Holy hell i just got this out of my head yesterday. Saw a comment mentioning it last month, listened to it once. It got stuck in my head and the next weekend i put it on a 7 hour loop.
I feel like all the posts here are from non-Canadians. Here's a short summary of stereotyped Canadian culture from my experience living here all my life:  Yes we're usually nice. No we don't apologize for everything.  Tim Hortons makes the worst cup of coffee in the country.  Maple syrup is amazing. This is a fact.  We don't say "aboot" we just talk faster than Americans.  Our military is small because no one doesn't like us.  Tim Hortons coffee again. Seriously, they could burn iced cappuccinos.
Doesn't matter what demograph you fall under, if you perpetuate a negative stereotype, I have nothing but negative thoughts about you.  Not to pick on anyone in particular, but I used to see a guy in a wheelchair daily around my former place of work. Panhandled every single day, finally I got fed up with him. I asked why he can't work.  "I'm in a wheelchair!"  "How are your hands? Do they function?"  "Yeah, sure!"  There you go.
I've caught myself doing this on a couple occasions, and its involved in political debates around the concept of separating religion and politics on a legal level. Making religious influence on politics barred comes up a lot in my circles, especially around topics of civil liberties.  Recently in the news, there's a athiest military pilot who is losing his contract soon because he won't make an oath to god. He has been willing to omit just the 4 or 5 words involving religion, but the U.S. Air Force is not moving on their position, and now face a civil rights lawsuit.
I feel ya bud. Been doing it for years. It's not always weird or nothing to say.
I still buy CDs despite the plethora of downloadable content out there; one, multiformat backup. If my phone, laptop, and desktop go down, I still have a nice rack of music to pick from; two, my uncle has about 1100 CDs and vinyls on the wall, and it's always a conversation piece; three, what roadtrip is complete without friends, junkfood, and a stack of your best bro's favourite albums? Before the ubernerds of reddit go "just download to your phone and get an aux cable you filthy casual!", you clearly don't leave moms basement. I know the tech exists, I build my own computer towers, but it isn't the same.