[Question] Regarding Etihad   Fragile Baggage...   Hi guys - do Etihad offer a fragile baggage service? I remember a few years ago my little brother bought a digeridoo in Oz and BA had a designated check-in area for it as it was fragile...it got it's own special bubble wrapping and careful handling - do Etihad operate the same service?  If so does anyone know the cost (whether it's based on size, weight or whatever)? Or can direct me to the part of their website that has these prices? I can't find it myself!  Thanks to any and all!
I cringe at the appalling grammar and spelling, am amused by the obvious obliviousness of this guy (see what I did there!), and I applaud your parting shot.
Thanks, good to know!
Guys- give her body the time of day.  You like her curves? Stroke/tickle/lick them. You like her neck? Nibble it. You like any other part of her that isn't her sexual organs? Pay attention to it!  Spend the time appreciating her body in its entirety, and you'll be rewarded a lot better than when you dive straight in (pun semi-intended (and that one)).  The number of guy friends I have (I'm also a guy) that have told me they go straight for the gold...I can't help but ask why!?  Also, when you do get down there, if you use your senses to be aware of your partner, you can tell what's good and what's not. Go slow, be rhythmic and gentle (unless otherwise directed) and pay attention to it all (again) - there's more than just a clit down there. Ya know what I'm sayin'!
I'm not looking for anyone to do my work for me- I never use anyone's ideas as they are, I always twist them (even if it's only slightly) to make them my own. I'm really just looking for suggestions to spark off my own ideas (it's how I come up with ideas best).  Thanks for your suggestions though I'll try that and do some digging!  P.s. It's a story (though as I said the story won't be about what happened to the villain)
[Serious] Armpit hair on men; what do YOU think?   Males of Reddit, what do you do with your armpit hair? Leave it to grow wildly? Trim it? Style it? Shave it off completely?  Women of Reddit (and those who like Men also), what are your preferences on Men's armpit hair?
I try to get it published!  I've got two short stories already out and published in anthologies, got another one coming out in an anthology sometime this year (date not confirmed yet).  I'm always writing new stories and submitting them to anthologies. I've written two novels, but nothing I'd show to the world yet. Both of those were to prove to myself that I COULD write to that length, and still maintain relationships/arcs/general story interest.
Slender-Man. Kept turning around to see how close behind me he was. No-where to be seen. Turn back to keep running, he's only in my bloody face isn't he.  I hit the ceiling.   ALSO, the first time I ever played Dino Crisis, there's a particular hallway where you go through like five/six times before you go through it and Raptors jump through the windows at you. TOTALLY did not see that one coming either. Screamed like a bitch (I was like 13/14).
To answer the question, i'd say talk to him about it. Or get your brother to, it'd be less squeamish for him if it was mano el mano.  But yeah, don't do it as a confrontation (because, as you stated, everyone has a curious streak, especially at that age), just stress the cleanliness/hygiene side of things, and if you want to/feel comfortable doing so, drop in the line about being willing to buy him something of his own.  Make it casual, above all else, as I can think of nothing that would be worse (for him or you) than you coming down like a tonne of bricks on him about it.  Source: Gleefully curious youth
Two questions...   Are the DS and 3DS consoles region-locked?  And secondly, can you play DS games on a 3DS (obviously I know the game wouldn't be in 3D)?
Our interests are very varied, but we also don't want to limit ourselves - we want to try new things and do odd tours and such. Anything weird and wonderful is a bonus, as is cheap!  We'll be starting in Sydney, heading slowly up to Cairns, we've planned for a month, though we don't have any ideas of how long we'll spend where.
My Pokemon story   I'm 25, so I'm of the generation that has grown up with Pokemon since before it was made. Have been hovering around the Pokemon subreddit and some of the things I've seen have made me feelquite Poke-old, and I was wondering if there are any others in the same boat as me.  I first encountered Pokemon Red/Blue in the playground at primary school. A friend was playing it, and I traded just about half my trading card collection just to borrow it for a whole weekend, and wasn't allowed to overwrite his save game. I put in fresh batteries of my own, and started a new game, and played it pretty much the whole weekend without stopping (i borrowed his gameboy too, as I didn't own one then).  A year later Yellow came out over in Canada, and my god father sent me a copy over. My Mum bought me a gameboy pocket (red, if you wanted to know), and I played the hell out of that game.  Another year later, and I badgered my Dad into buying me a Gameboy Colour (Pikachu edition), and got Gold AND Silver. I can't remember when exactly I bought Crystal, but it must have been some time later.  I must have dropped out of the loop for a little while, as my next device was a Gameboy Advance SP and, of course, I got Ruby and Sapphire.  Now my progression from there is hazy, but the last game I owned and played was Black/White. I have played through from the beginning of the series, and as stated earlier, I feel old when I see some people's comments on here.  So there you are, any other Poke-riginals out there? What's your story?
Anuses for eyes
Is that a... ...it is That's a fucking shiny bauble that is... Oh my god I want it...
I don't know if it's common or uncommon, but I can hear when someone is going to come into a room (if it's quiet).  I don't mean footsteps or other noises that they make- it's hard to describe but the pitch of the background noise changes slightly when someone's about to enter the room I'm in.   Secondary one- I always gets hiccups if I have sex or masturbate in a certain position!
Literally just posted on your original thread, then saw this.  Good on you for taking action, glad it's sorted.