That sounds about right.  The only thing missing from the explanation is the details on the details.  He hacked into a website and obtained names, addresses, and phone numbers of women who had an abortion, and was releasing those details publically.  Imagine if you were a rape victim, and you abort the product of that rape only to be hounded by anti-abortion picketers who call for you, a victim, to be assaulted or executed because you couldn't stand to keep the child.  This guy is absolute human garbage.
Just panserbjrne things...
The seemingly never-ending streams of penis pudding emanating from his piss pipe soon had me coated like a plasterer's radio. When he removed his disco stick from my puckered brown eye, he was pleasantly surprised to see a footlong fudge bullet staring back as him. He knew I couldn't wait to gobble the stink pickle off his bugger king. The mixture of corn-eyed butt snake and penis pudding in my turd-herder created the delicious rectoplasm that he was so fond of. He rolled a giant toilet twinkie on my breasticles just so he could consume it up like a hungry hungry hippo. With his greasy slimelight fucking deep into my quim, the sensation of his greasy slimelight smashing my cervix made me quake like a tasered slab of chopped liver.  This generator is beyond awesome.
You see what your problem is? I ask an honest question (how can they tell the difference between the enexorable change in the climate caused by natural forces and the preventable change in climate caused by man's activity, especially when both are occurring at the same time?), and get accused of being an idiot or a liar.  You aren't winning any popularity contests by acting this way, and frankly it's the best way to take someone who is open minded enough to listen and close them to you.  Just some food for thought.  But when you accuse a layman, a hotel front desk clerk, of being bought and paid for by a shadowy anti-environmental conspiracy, I hope you aren't linking to any sort of group that makes money on the climate movement. (I'll check the link out later.)
No, that probably is part of the problem, but I can't even afford the 2 year IT degree right now. I certainly can't afford to quit this job without another one lined up and waiting.  For those of you reading this, and haven't yet fallen into the work trap... get your degree. But it isn't so easy when you're 35 and don't make enough.  I think your downvotes were caused by the flippant attitude about it.
Okay. So, if my "religious belief" is that I should only feed my children raw possum meat, should I be allowed to do that?  Of course not! They'd be dead quicker than you can blink.  Any reasonable person will admit that you can't claim personal freedom as an excuse to attack another person, and that includes passive harm.  Similarly, the First Amendment is not an absolute protection of your right to speak, specifically where such speech can bring harm to another party. You can not, for example, grab a bullhorn and tell an angry mob to break into a building and lynch its occupants.  Such exceptions to personal freedom are inevitable, and should be as limited as possible, but for vaccines to work *as many people as possible have to get the vaccination*.  If you don't want to vaccinate your kids, you will have to use alternative methods of educating them. You can find a private school that is willing to have a walking virus incubator attend, or you can teach them yourself at home.
Okay... so you are saying that Inception stole dream-within-a-dream and dream-diving from Final Fantasy 8?  I'm sorry, but this is less a theory and more a fanfiction.  First, there is no discrepancy solely contained in Disc 1, unless you accept this to be true from the start. And the only weirdness is the shared vision on the train.  Quistis hit on Squall early on because they are roughly the same age, and he is single and attractive.  Everything else here can't be disproven, the same way you can't disprove that I saw a dragon last night.  Ultimately, this is just an attempt at shoehorning an unrelated movie into a game.
Regarding the Big 3, I would put it this way.  Rule 1: Show, don't tell, but have your characters see, not say.  Dialogue is great for showing a character's emotion, but poor for world-building. Don't have the characters talk about how bleak the landscape is, show them in the remainder of the paragraphs. (Example: Lord of the Rings)  Rule 2: If you can not write about what you know, then know about what you write.  You probably don't know what it feels like to fling fireballs at a rampaging werewolf, because it can't happen. So, you have to think about and understand the effects in the context of your own world. If you can understand how it works in your world, you can explain it to others. (Example: Eragon)  Rule 3: Always have a sympathetic character for the reader to relate to, even if they don't like him very much.  Your main character, or someone in his entourage, must be someone the reader can sink into. They can be the most horrible person in the universe, but the reader will need to understand, at some point, the motivations of the character. The Why of his evil. If you can not show that from the perspective of the main character, shift the perspective to his Companion. (Examples: Doctor Who/Sherlock Holmes)
For anyone that wishes to try out the reddit alternative, I've started a sub there for discussion. All are welcome, posts will only be removed if irrelevant.
How do you get a cop to work for free?
It happens every time and it really makes me wonder if they want this place to succeed.   Sorry about the long one.  We had a power outage last night. Nothing major, just an idiot crashing into a pole.  Of course, everyone demands special treatment in the morning because of it. Most of the people were happy to get a $10 discount and be done with it, some didn't even ask for that much...  But there is always one.  He comes in around 10:30, and asks us to comp him the entire room for his stay. I tell him, "No. I can't do that. And with your room paid through a third party, I can not adjust your rate. But, if you stay over tonight and pay with me, I'll give the room for $69.95 ($15 off the current room rent)"  Well, that isn't good enough for them, because they use some weird referral system that pays out in room discounts, so they were getting the room for like $62.  So, they go off and decide to use that system to get the room again, asking for a little extra time to complete it. I tell them that I can give until 11:30, half an hour past checkout.  About 11:20 he comes back in and says that he forgot some paperwork in the room, and he'll need to get it to pay. At 11:45 he tells me that he needs until 12:30.  At 12:15, his wife/girlfriend/drug-addicted-crack-ho comes out, saying they need until 1... at this point, I tell her flat out, "we can not keep waiting like this. You need to take care of this right away."  "Okay, I know... But your Internet wasn't working right and you just need to give us more time! Oh, and can I get some fresh towels."  I reiterate that housekeeping is waiting on her to pay for the room, and that we will not provide housekeeping in any form until it is done.  1 PM rolls around... still no payment. I call her this time, and she tells me she needs another 15 minutes... That she is putting in the information right then, and it will be showing up on the computer any minute.  No such luck.  1:10 - I call her back, and she says that it is *literally* being processed and it will only be another 6 minutes.  Now, at this point, I'm tired of the excuses. I told her flat out that we need this done *now*, and if it doesn't happen, I'll be contacting the police to evict her.  Wouldn't you know it... nothing happens.  So, I call the police (non emergency) and have them send a uni. While waiting for that, the guest comes out "trying to get the room taken care of". Even though she already told me that it was being processed. Cops drive up, and she goes back to the room.  They talk a few minutes, and she gets them to admit that if I can be convinced to accept payment, she can stay, so she comes back to the desk.  I stick to my guns, but there is one factor I can't control.  My boss decided to walk out from the back. I kept him out of this for a reason. He has a pathological fear of confrontation with guests, and if you talk to him, you'll probably get your way. And sure enough... the guest waves cash at his face, even though it's 2 PM and the police are here to remove her, and he says just let her stay.  Every god damned time. Bring in a pet? He'll break his own posted rules to let you stay. Smoke in a nonsmoking room? Don't worry about it.  He's so interested in the online reviews that he would probably let someone rent a room with money that was stolen from him.  TL;dr guest refuses to pay until police are actually there to evict her 3 hours late, boss lets her stay anyway.
So, I doubt anyone plays this game anymore, but I'm still stoked that I found my old Sailor Moon CCG cards   It's by no means a complete set, and I think I got rid of most of the Energy cards, but does anyone still have, play or want these?  I'll try to post pictures later on, if anyone wants.
IAMA Web store owner, selling Wei Schwarz, Magic the Gathering, Yu-gi-oh, and other card games. AMA   My site is www.betonwhite.com  Ask me about the different card games, toys, or memorabilia, or just ask if I can get something else.  Or just ask about my day job, that's cool, too.
I've bought enough ponies from others, I think. I want to sell them myself.   I already have the My Little Pony CCG on my website, and now I can start selling toys figures and other collectibles from the show, and other related properties on the site.  I'll start adding items one at a time, first update will be tonight.  I'll let you decide on what to add first.  The ever popular Blind Bag figures, Travel Mugs, or the Derpy Tin-Tastic pencil set.   Leave comments below, I take all sorts of suggestions.   Edit: Feel free to still give suggestions, but I am choosing to start with the Blind Bag figures. I have an order of 48 on the way, and you can start buying yours now.  http://www.betonwhite.com/category-s/1952.htm
So I got to play the asshole again.   Lady comes into the office, kids in tow, her husband starts making a baby bottle on my counter, and she interrupts my interaction with the person in front of her.  I make her wait the half a minute it takes to tell my guest where to go, and get her information and she decides to take a room. So far, so good, though she told me that she was going to be the only adult, when I see her husband right there. The kids aren't old enough, so it doesn't change the rate anyway.  She pulls out an absolutely mangled ID. It's been cut into pieces and taped back together, with the ID number, name, and photo on three different pieces. Huge red flags in my head already, with her trying to rush me and then the questionable ID. And then I see my out.  The piece that has the ID number also has an expiration date of two weeks ago. I told her I couldn't rent to her with an invalid ID.  Edit: Part 2!  She comes back in, her children in tow, and brings along someone else with a valid ID. We start getting her signed in and I ask for payment, and get the response, "Oh! She didn't pay you yet?"  Nope. She didn't. I give them the price and they make a huge deal getting out the money, hand me the money, then change their mind about staying.  I didn't even have to be an asshole that time,  and they left.   My guess is that they were hoping I'd have forgotten about the fact that I didn't charge them for not taking the room.
The Keys to Harmony (possible spoilers)   Edits, added info on Key to Laughter. refined info on what the Keys are.  Throughout the season, we have been trying to find the different keys to open the chest, and each episode has been given a strange hook at the end.  I believe that some of these ending *are* the keys to unlock that chest. Specifically, the shining items. The items themselves will be revealed to become the keys once all of them are found.  The Key to Generosity - Rainbow Thread - The key to Generosity is not to give away without thought. You must be willing to see when your generosity is harming others, and be careful not to hurt your relationships.  The Key to Loyalty - Wonderbolt's Badge - The key to Loyalty is to stick with your friends, even if it means giving up something important to you.  The Key to Laughter - Boneless -  The key to Laughter is knowing when to be light-hearted and when to be serious. If they pony you are throwing the party for isn't having fun, then you are doing something wrong.  The others have not been seen yet, but will show themselves in the next few episodes. Each Key will be a mostly ordinary item that is germane to the episode. Each Key will be given by the pony that learned a lesson about the Element, and will representative of both their and the Bearer's personality.  The Key to Kindness - The key to Kindness is to know when that kindness is being wasted. You can still be polite to those that are rude to you, but you must know when to walk away. (Fluttershy's episode will likely involve a conflict between her animals.)  The Key to Honesty - The key to Honesty is to not be afraid to face the truth, no matter how unpleasant. It is one thing to tell a white lie about liking someone's dress, but hiding the truth will generally lead to disaster. (Applejack's episode has been brewing for a long time now, and things will quickly come to a head soon)  The Key to Friendship - The key to Friendship is to love your friends during the best and worst of times. Even when you are angry with them, even when you are sick, even when they do wrong. (Twilight's episode will involve Discord, and will end with the opening of the chest. Twilight will make the revelation that she does not want to harm Discord, because he is still a friend. She will also learn that Chaos, the Element he embodies, is a necessary force in the universe.)