Thanks!
Nope.
No no. It might be your opinion that she is for lack of better words, a prejudiced asshole. Doesn't automatically make her one because her believe are not in line with yours.
This bullshit again.   You cannot buy the device outright for 199. You still pay the 25 Verizon Edge over 24 months.   The phone got a 199 discount,  which still pretty sweet. You did not get it for free.   You kids need to grow up and realize the price of the phone is calculated into your monthly fee.  Edit: you are all a bunch of goddamn ignorant retards falling for the oldest marketing trick in the industry.
She didn't bring focus of chaos. She brought more chaos to chaos.  Also mutual agreement my ass. We know the board canned her, " mutual agreement" pretty much means " we're sacking you, have some cash, and save your face".   Also she wasn't a pioneer to women in tech. She has a record of putting women behind for her own gain. She was a pioneer for Pao in tech, and nothing else.
Rome fell.
Remember that a 40$ bottle of wine sold at a wine importer will sell for 150-200$ in a restaurant. The factor is anywhere between 2 and 6 times the purchase value.   These restaurants don't make much money on the food. If you have 40 seat,  but also employ 20+ kitchen staff,  plus front house staff,  including a matre and a sommelier that will make absolute bank if they are half decent,  you need to win it back on the wine.
Obviously.
Automatic Lieutenant status.
Ah, I see you have the "1200 euro/month luxury option".  I've lived in inner city Paris (close to La Defence) for 6 months. 430 sqft apartment. 3100 a month. I wish I was joking.
I just went to Ublock and believe me, a lot of ads, correction, all add, on reddit disappeared. Even the "self adds".  You better believe it's whitelisting.  Proof:  ABP whitelist  https://easylist-downloads.adblockplus.org/exceptionrules.txt  CTRL+F Reddit.  QED.
Like any good dictator would do. Kill the dissidents.   I remember sitting in front of the TV watching THe United States of Freedom bulldozer through Iraq in the second Gulf War and this Iraqi bloke was saying on TV:      THERE ARE NO TANKS IN BAGDAD  I see the reddit admins saying here      THERE ARE NO SUBREDDITS CLOSED  Despicable.
There is quite a few all over the internet. From New Balance sneakers, to Red Wings to mass produced dress shoes.  Sure these shoes are good quality upper middle tier shoes, and the materials used are pretty much top notch, it's not so special. It is another one of those thirteen in a dozen hipster made "artisan" videos by a 3rd year BFA student that knows a guy in a factory.
I often fly with KLM actually. It's pretty good.   To make sure the illusion is real ensure you get a sealed dinner plate and complain / refuse if you don't.
"Some people" are mistaking Malachite (Mineral) with Malachite Green (dye). Malachite Green (dye) has nothing to do with Malachite (Mineral).  Then again, it's useless to argue with an idiot. You cannot win, they have much more experience in being clueless.  Even if it was harmful, it's firmly embedded in epoxy and pretty harmless regardless.
1. Hire lawyers at at least " Big-Five" partner level. 2. Make lawyers ensure the taxman gets at little as possible, 3. Break up pot into smaller pots (investments, mixed risk). 4. Have a fat spending account to get the urge to spend out of my system (less than 10%).  5. ~~Kill a couple of hobos~~ Enjoy life. 6. edit: Buy enough shares in the company I currently work for that I get some power. 7. Fire my ex-boss.