I don't think the mask does any focusing.  At 3:45 into the video, Professor Merrifield says "... by the time you get to the hard x-ray end and gamma ray end of things, nothing you can do will focus the light effectively ... All the mask does is throw a shadow."  So the mask only tells you what direction each x-ray or gamma ray point source is coming from.  They must use some sort of deconvolution algorithm that processes the multiple copies of the overlaid/shifted mask shadows striking the sensor to determine the position of each source.  I imagine without the ability to focus, the telescope's resolution is limited by the sensor's pixel size and is not very high.
Not psychic, just reading PayPal's upcoming ToS.    From Amendments to the PayPal User Agreement, the PayPal Privacy Policy and the PayPal Acceptable Use Policy, effective July 1, 2015:    1.10 Calls to You; Mobile Telephone Numbers. You consent to receive autodialed or prerecorded calls and text messages from PayPal at any telephone number that you have provided us or that we have otherwise obtained.  We may place such calls or texts to (i) notify you regarding your account; (ii) troubleshoot problems with your account (iii) resolve a dispute; (iv) collect a debt; (v) poll your opinions through surveys or questionnaires, (vii) contact you with offers and promotions; or (viii) as otherwise necessary to service your account or enforce this User Agreement, our policies, applicable law, or any other agreement we may have with you...    There's more, but you can read it. It was enough for me.  Source: https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/upcoming-policies-full
Skype's real-time translator is now available for everyone to try (currently on Windows 8 or 10)
From JPL's Dawn website:   The three principal scientific drivers for the mission are first that it captures the earliest moments in the origin of the solar system enabling us to understand the conditions under which these objects [minor planets] formed. Second, Dawn determines the nature of the building blocks from which the terrestrial planets formed, improving our understanding of this formation. Finally, it contrasts the formation and evolution of two small planets that followed very different evolutionary paths so that we understand what controls that evolution.   Source: http://dawn.jpl.nasa.gov/mission/goal_index.asp
Several theories have been proposed but we don't know yet. It's one of the unknowns that keeps astronomers and particle physicists striving for an answer.    A good layman's summary (although not brief) can be found in Wikipedia: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dark_matter
7th paragraph from the bottom of the article:   The new FAA proposal doesn't apply to hobbyists. The agency already issued a policy for recreational use, with rules calling for flying less than 400 feet high and within sight of the operator, while keeping clear of other aircraft and notifying air-traffic control when flying within 5 miles of an airport.   FAA's new proposed rules apply only to commercial use of drones.
Deep-fried graphene could revolutionize battery tech.
Weighing 3 tons, the worlds largest camera will capture billions of stars with a 32,000 mega-pixel sensor.
Today NASA will discuss the Asteroid Redirect Mission Capture Concept, the next step in the journey to Mars.
Estes FTW!  I had many enjoyable launches and (more than I would like to admit) crashes using Estes rockets. The real crowd pleaser during my 7th grade rocket club was my Estes Saturn V rocket with 4 engines.  Unfortunately only two engines ignited, and even more unfortunately the ones that ignited were not diagonally opposed but adjacent engines.  The result was a launch that went from vertical to horizontal then started dipping downward, ending with a parachute ejection into the ground.  I will not forget the applause to this day and that was 44 years ago.
I originally posted this based on a post from Twitter assuming it was true.  Later, based on reading the comments on this post, I did the analysis showing it is not.
Been using Touch ID extensively for about 2 hours now since I've had to reload several 10's of apps.  The function is very accurate and responsive with the 4 fingers/thumbs I've used thus far.  I'm sold.  Can't wait until the API is provided to developers.    One item I wasn't expecting is the passcode is still required after a restart.
Well put.
Try this link http://www.geek.com/articles/mobile/htc-android-phones-leak-personal-data-to-any-app-with-internet-permissions-2011102/
Good to see we have an active subreddit here and thanks for the advice.  I think I'll steer clear for the time being unless I watch something I must post.  Then I'll post and stay confined to responses to avoid spoilers.   By the way, just noticed the up/down votes are knives ... nice.
Couldn't agree more.  My wife and I who are both Apple fans bought one.  Weren't satisfied with its restrictions so we hacked it with ATVFlash to get more control and access of media not on iTunes.  Hack was too quirky and unreliable so we sold the AppleTV after a couple months and bought a Mac Mini instead.   We realized we needed a much more open media center, not a device that operates through iTunes like a big iPod (or should I say iPad?)