For me, The Fourth Kind was a failed attempt to convince you that something is real with the double gimmick of mockumentary and found footage. Not scary, even boring.
I think this is one of his best books, because it has the creativity, originality and passion of that young age when he started writing it. It has many unanswered questions maybe because it's more about mistery, poetry and atmosphere than about a definite plot. But every following book gets more and more conventional. The world of this setting and the story of the characters get better explained with more and more details with every book. The last books were almost insuferable for me regarding writing style but I can't deny it's a very very funny and imaginative saga.
I checked the Nightvale wiki: http://nightvale.wikia.com/wiki/Fey  Fey was merely a piece of self-aware software trapped in a heavily-defended metal box  And I guess the following can't be considered canon, since it's from the Thrilling Adventure Hour   Welcome to Night Vale Crossover:  Pemily Stallwark (played by Molly Quinn) is erased from existence. Before returning to existence moments later, she finds herself facing an endless stream of numbers and is forced to read them out loud, briefly breaking into "Roar" by Katy Perry at one point. This was a reference to both characters being voiced by Quinn. A "techno-theological debate" from earlier in the episode over whether or not robots (and presumably computers) have souls may hint that Stallwark is Fey's future reincarnation.
This comic is quite old and have been posted here several times before. And I don't care.  Also recomending "Fuan no tane/seeds of anxiety". Most fucking terrifiying manga I've ever read. I read it alone at home at night and really felt uneasy.
I'll post this here since I think it can be of general interest.  There is a debate going with the OP questioning if the term "pre-spanish" is appropiate. He affirms spanish era started after Al Andalus (moorish occupation in the south of the Iberian Peninsula for 8 centuries). Some of us affirm Spain was Spain before Al Andalus, being called Hispania even before the year 27 b.C. and that there were Spanish people living in the peninsula, people from different civilizations and origins, like romans and visigoths.  So, I asked a friend of mine. He is not a historian but has a degree in classic languages as latin and greek, so he knows one or two things about Spanish history. Here are some interesting points he gave me:  1. As OP affirms, modern Spain was in a great degree stablished after Al Andalus, after the "reconquest" when the Catholic Kings expeled the muslims from the peninsula. The feudal system, the main regions, the catholic religion were stablished then. So, Spain doesn't equal Hispania.  2. It's not so simple. You can't say Spain started being Spain after Al Andalus. Before Al Andalus there were the visigoths, and before them the hispanoromans living there. So Spain would be an equation consisting in: Hispanoromans + Visigoths + Moors / Reconquest.  3. There are books wrote by experts still debating about when did Spain started being Spain, so it's an open debate.  4. There is the idiomatic question. We didn't started talking arabic after Al Andalus, but kept using the same language we used before they came. Spanish comes from latin, not from arabic. It's a corruption of latin, so to say. So, linguistically, we have a "hispanic" identity, although we adopted a lot of words from arabic, like "almohada", "algibe" (just to put two examples) and the name for a lot of rivers like "Guadalquivir".  5. Indeed, you can't deny the Al Andalus era. Nobody is trying to do that. But you can't say Spain as a concept or territory didn't exist before them. It's more complex than that.
I've seen all kind of serious shit in the internet, and it usually doesn't affect me. I even considere myself quite a pervert with some fetishisms, but the fact that this kind of material exists always unsettles me. People aroused by drawings of anthropomorphic animals swallowing things... It's just too much for me.
In a certain way, as a non digital native, it scares me that people joke about being just a normal and socially adjusted person. I want to believe they are just joking, but sometimes, because of the things I read, I'm not so sure.  There is nothing great about being socially anxious or having social phobia. There is nothing great in wasting all your time alone at home playing videogames or surfing the web. If you don't feel comfortable at parties or crowds, ok, I understand it, I can relate to that. Don't force yourself to do something that makes you feel bad. But, for god sake, try to be social, get some friends, talk to people, go to some events in your town, get some laid. Either way, you are gonna have a very sad existence.  I want to believe I'm just taking too seriously a bunch of jokes in an imageboard, but sometimes I don't know. People seem so serious about it.
You are super cute. I'd love to see you in a schoolgirl uniform. Just an idea.
Now you are being rude. You are taking karma too seriously.
TIL there are lots of Death Grips drum covers on YouTube   Whammy: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SWM2Ie0dGQI *Glass breaks* https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aAsuh12t-GM The Fever (Aye Aye) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-eBRriJ-Xs Powers that B: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7fy0OpdgBoc Turned off: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdUY900hkmk No Love (this is a little fucked up, but at least the guy does some improvisation) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjHeU4BVHnQ The Fever (again, but this time by a guy named Michael Cisterna, it's funny because in spanish "cisterna" means "water tank", you know, like in the toilet, whatever): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3odpfFN0y-Q  Edit: Ha ha, and this guy's name is "lavabo", that means "bathroom". He makes On GP. Very noisy. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rd_TZbUYWA
Yeah, I know there is a lot of fucked up people in the internet. But at the beginning of this video you can see how this guy cleans a knife full of blood with  panties. That's obviously a joke.  I admit I had a moment of doubt when I played this other video and saw the obsessive mural made of cute girls photos.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPBpe1P6pZU  Like, who the hell would be so dedicated to set the scenario for a video? But also you can see labels on the boxes: "Justin DVDs (Bieber)" and "Justin DVDs (Timberlake)". He's clearly acting.
I have a music blog where I share and review albums. I'm still not very good or professional with the reviews but these are some things I've learned:  -Listen the album at least two or three times before you form and opinion.  -Write about the artist/band origins and story.  -Tell some interesting details/trivia about the album, the artists, some story behind them. For example, I'm very interested when some of the members of the band died or commited suicide. I don't know. I'm just like that, interested in morbid details.  -Have in mind the album's historic relevance, how important or influent it was for other artists at the moment of its realease. Maybe you'd listen Black Sabbath or Venom and find it bland compared to other contemporary albums, but at the moment they were pioneers, the first of it kind doing that thing.  -Explain how the music makes you feel. Its flavour. Its texture. Make metaphors.  -Read other reviews in famous sites like Pitchfork, Rate Your Music, etc, but also in less known blogs or Youtube channels.  I hope this helps you.
I don't like it. It's very boring compared to other DG covers, wich have a background story. And at least TMS is an illustration. There is nothing special about this one. I'd like to have something more shocking, beautiful or complex in my record collection. It's  just a photoshopped streetlight. Anyway, at this moment is quite iconic yet.
Thanks
I think this sub is gonna be still active. Probably DG are gonna tour and make new stuff in the future, and we will talk about it. Maybe we won't be as active as the period between Notm and Jenny Death, but it will be ok. It will be fun.
OK. Sounds like a coherent answer for me, in a way.