I have been pulled over for that myself and I'm white. I had to pay the fine.
Obama greeted in Oklahoma by pro-Confederate protest led by black man
Gay Pride Event Bans Drag Because It Offends Transgendered
A key part of President Obamas legacy will be the feds unprecedented collection of sensitive data on Americans by race. The government is prying into our most personal information at the most local levels, all for the purpose of racial and economic justice.
Man robs 2 sisters at lemonade stand after they gave him free drink
People are loosing their minds over this issue. Whatever you beliefs are you have the right to express them regardless if I agree with you or not. For example, recently there was a group of individuals who beat up a man carrying the Army of Tennessee flag. Here is a link to the video.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=REM54O04KXE   nbsp;  It is a shame the people that cheer on this kind violence and destruction of property that isn't theirs.
TIL: Despite making up roughly 1 in 12 Americans, blacks accounted for half of all homicides.
This very true. What is interesting about this study is that nearly every SJW would fit this type of pattern of behavior as many of them are losers in life and often lash out as a result because someone that they don't like or are prejudiced against is getting ahead of them in life. Many women I have observed that exhibit this type of aggressive behavior also turned out to be losers in life. This study won't just apply to men. I think the more likely explanation is the crabs in a bucket explanation. Losers tend to want to pull other people down especially if the person happens to be different than them or if they are prejudiced against that group.
Let's not forget Gawker, Jezebel, MSNBC, and Salon, quite possibly the most biased news sites on the internet. http://i.imgur.com/S0j2kCD.jpg
The author takes a look at a recent court trial's ruling and how it will affect the current rape hysteria trend and kangaroo courts that are popping up at various schools due to the pressures of Title IX.
Rachel Dolezal meets Bill Cosby
Rapper "Young Thug" involved in conspiracy to kill Lil Wayne: Rapper Young Thug was arrested Wednesday morning by U.S. Marshals executing an outstanding warrant issued by Dunwoody police.
No.
Served along with a bag of generic Doritos that is 99% air and 1% potato chip.
Then my brother's alcoholic girlfriend drank it one night. Doesn't even remember it, just wanted more stuff to get her drunk. I will never forgive her.   nbsp;  When someone is stealing other people's booze to get drunk that means that there is a very serious problem. Is she and your brother still together or did he move on?
If anyone is curious about the reference, this is referring to Emma Sulkowicz a.k.a. Mattress girl. She carried around her mattress as a publicity stunt even though it was shown that she lied about being raped. She made a crazy website where she films herself simulating rape and tells anyone that watches the video that they have committed stare rape if they don't agree with her. She is a nut case that harms not only the people she falsely accused, but real rape victims. When websites like Gawker and Jezebel picked her up as some sort of feminist hero, that is when I stopped reading those sites and I finally realized how terrible they have become.