That's what I thought might be the case. I don't think there's anything really wrong with my dad's set aside from being old and missing an iron or two. I think it's from the 90s and he never golfed much so it's hardly been used. The driver is an 11 big bertha war bird. I'm not actually sure if the irons are Callaway's, they say Lamkin on the grip and stainless steel custom on the heads.  E: The fairway woods are pinseekers.
I'm looking for a nice carvy drop thru set up to use as a commuter and for carving some mellow hills. So far I'm thinking Paris 180mm V2 50 for trucks, not sure on the wheels 78a or 80a, and then for the deck I've looked at the Arbor Mindset, Bustin Maestro and Maestro mini, and the Landyachtz Battle Axe 35. I found that I tend to prefer boards with a width of less than 9.5ish inches so that's why I'm looking at those. Since it's a commuter I def want to keep it under 40" but I've never owned a board longer than 30" so I want a true longboard this time. Any help with the setup would be great.
Cat.
Style of Eye - Louder [House] I hadn't realized until recently that Galantis is a duo but TIL that one of the members makes some pretty good stuff on his own!
Chronysim are a huge part of life. Lose that lottery and you're screwed.  *Cronyism isn't part of some lottery. Networking is just as important as school itself. If you're running some fortune 500 company are you going to hire the guy that looks slightly better on paper or are you going to hire the guy that looks good on paper AND that you know personally and can trust? People like you are part of the problem in this country. You didn't get ahead because you didn't play the game and now you're complaining that life is unfair because you weren't automatically rewarded for being average.
I've been to Hawaii a few times. You can get around the perimeter of the islands via bus usually but if you want to go anywhere specific you'll need a car. A good deal of Hawaii is still jungle so they don't really need to send buses everywhere. That said, I don't believe that there's any island-island public transpo so save some cash for a ferry if you think you'll want to go to other islands.
Those are the definitions that have existed since the laws are written. Regardless of how you feel about Snowden, he did break the law. The criminal justice system in the United States is not based on the court of public opinion, nor should it be. Tell me, if you truly believe that he should be found innocent, what should his defense be? You can't say that he didn't do it. You can't say that he deserves an exception to the law. What is the reasoning behind your idea that he simply shouldn't be punished?
People do amazing things in real life. They climb mountains that can kill you. They surf waves that are taller than some houses. They jump out of planes and fight wars. And believe it or not, some of them make enough money that to them dropping a grand is akin to you or me buying a friend a sandwich. The point I'm making here, is that you would be much less skeptical of things other people do if you weren't on reddit so much that you're using subreddits as hashtags.
Considering a transfer to IU. Can you guys help me out with some questions?   So I'm currently a freshman at a CC in California and I love it but I'm not sure I want to wait another year before I can transfer into a University. I was looking up good econ schools and I noticed that IU has a pretty good econ program and doesn't require 60 credits before you can transfer so now I'm interested.  1) What is the party scene like? I live near the UC Santa Barbara campus so I can basically rage whenever I want and the alcohol is plentiful. Do you need to go greek to go to good parties? Do people ever just kickback and smoke weed?  2) If I decide to go greek is it hard to get into a top frat or are they pretty welcoming? I've got a lot of friends here that are Betas and ATOs and most of my friends from back home are Lambda Chis, idk if that would help me get into those frats but I've got that connection.  3) Is housing expensive? I'm currently paying $650 a month for a shared room in a 5 bedroom house so lower housing costs would definitely be a plus.  4) Is the econ program significantly more difficult to get into than the school itself?   Thanks!  Edit:  Also the campus looks pretty big, how do people get around? Most people skate here but my guess is that you can't do that in the winter.
Oh I know the weed wasn't laced as I've smoked from that batch before. I was worried because i didn't pack my own bowl. It was packed by a friend's friend that does molly and adderall and he got the tobacco out of a sack he has pinned to the wall.
Comes out on October 4th so we won't know for sure until then but it's essentially a very bland gopro. Just press the top button and it'll turn on and record. Hold it and it will take time lapse shots. Records in 1080p at 60fps or 720p at 30fps and auto adjusts for light conditions. If you just need something to cover your ass in case a driver does something retarded or you want to record track days then this is a good choice. If you're looking to record fancy videos for a documentary or highlight video or whatever it will do but the GoPro hero 4 or Hero 3 will give you a broader range of recording options.
It has as much to do with the attractiveness of the perpetrators as it does the gender. If these women were hags it'd say race. If it were some bradley cooper looking motherfucker it'd say sex. Honestly though, what heterosexual sixteen year old male would turn down a three way with these two?  http://tribwgno.files.wordpress.com/2014/10/destrehan-high-with-both-teachers-2.jpg?w=840 h=441
Is Jen Selter's ass actually a product of all those exercises she does and how much is genetics coming into play?   http://imgur.com/a/awt1S (NSFW)   She's an instagram fitness model famous for the belfie (butt selfie)
NSV: I workout twice a day and eat salad on a regular basis now!   M/18/5'10/SW:247/CW:???/GW:150  So six months ago I wouldn't touch a salad with a ten foot pole and the only time I did anything that would get me out of breath was when I went up stairs quickly. 4 months ago I started a strength and conditioning class at my high school which got my mile time from a ~16:40 to a ~13:15, which is great! but I wasn't progressing fast enough! So, I go to the gym twice a day now! In the early afternoon I go do a 40-60 min cardio/light lifting workout, and on the way I stop and pick up a cobb or caesar salad and a bottle of water. Then in the evening I go do a 40-60 minute light cardio/heavy lifting session. I haven't been completely keeping track of my calories but I think I'm eating around 1800-2000 per day. I've been supplementing creatine and whey protein so that I can continue to build muscle mass while in caloric deficit.
I just finished watching the documentary "Where Soldiers Come From"   It is one of the best war documentaries that I have ever seen. It's as powerful as Restrepo. The premise is that a tight knit group of childhood friends enlist in the National Guard together. They are deployed to Afghanistan in 2008. The movie starts with them preparing for their deployment, but by far the most powerful part is that they interview the family members as well as the soldiers during their deployment. Finally, it follows their transition back into society and their struggle with PTSD. It'll make you want to cry, it'll make you want to laugh, and it'll make you angry.
[TOMT] Reddit post. A redditor was describing how when he was a kid he was playing in a sand box and saw some sort of triangular UFO flying (floating?) down a residential street.   I think it may have been a reply to a Q on AskReddit. I also think it may have hit the front page. He later edited in a drawingof it that he made when he was a kid. I'm pretty sure he was located in Colorado at the time and his story was confirmed by another Redditor who saw the same thing and also lived in Colorado.