Big ass tree
Right into his ear.
JW Sound Forum has a used section. So does B H, TrewAudio and I think TAI Audio. I also stumbled across this group on facebook, which posts used stuff all the time. Not sure if this group link will work, but give it a try. Facebook group for used gear.(https://www.facebook.com/groups/6814558628/) University websites and craigslist are also an option. You're kind of looking for Pro-sumer audio gear so that sorta stuff pops up all the time.   I think for about $500 you could find a combination of new and used gear to fit your needs, if you can afford to wait for good deals.
It sounds exactly like the picture regardless.
Looks like we're out of a job.
Saw that your budget was 2k so CUB-01 is completely within budget.  So below someone mentioned planting Lavs around the car. This is a great idea, and with a recorder like the Zoom h6 (which has six isolated tracks instead of two on the H4n) you could separate each lav from one another in post, so when you go to mix your dialogue each lav is isolated from each other. You can definitely get a Zoom H6 and three lavs for under 2k. I find that the CUB-01 is great for planting right above the mirror of a car. Fairly naturally sounding and its definitely a great option for the front two passengers.
Oh god. Seems like a great opportunity to teach your utility the importance of cable cleaning.
Could you post the code or the program you made? That is awesome!
A Harvest Nope
I've heard the same thing.  Though I haven't yet had the opportunity to use an H6. I've also hesrd the User  Interface is much cleaner.  In that price range the Tascam you suggested might be your best bet.   What mics are you using?
I've had many similar experiences on set and all I can say is it gets better. In class projects tend to be crappy. You get stuck in groups with people that have no ambition and no interest in learning any of the skills necessary to make a good film. My experience at film school was that there are two kinds of students that go there. The ones that go to class and the ones that go to set.  You'll start to build up contacts of people you like working with at school and your projects will improve as you start to weed out the lazy kids.  I'm not a director,  just a sound guy, but knowing who to work with is incredibly important.    Also saw you were in Midwest and I'm in Chicago and completely agree with your analysis of Columbia College.
Spicy Banana Disaster
Chicago weather sumed up in one picture (OC)
My parents used to make me great costumes (Green Ranger)
Thanks Killing Music
First edit of my promo for NASA for Class