"Shit me, I'm on Mars."
Aye, that you can. M/23/British here as well and somewhat sexually active. My body doesn't seem to do much more other than snuggling and stuff after a weekend with someone close last week.  There's groups of Asexuals (I've seen them) who are a sex hating bunch, and it's hard to talk them around or even have them see your point of view without getting hostile  Sexual attraction and the act of sex are two totally different things. I've always been Ace, so I can't even describe how Sexual attraction works, but yes, you are still Asexual if you don't feel sexually attracted to someone.  (I've always imagined Sexual attraction being - upon seeing someone, you have a pull to have sex with them, or at least get really close with them physically)
I won't post this in the sub itself because it's more of a personal discovery than an Asexual thing, but if you're interested, I did a bit of a longer post just now where I think I found out why I'm a bit.. confused  http://gettingmadatnothing.blogspot.co.uk/2013/08/im-not-okay.html
As I said in the title it was a bit of a rant, and yeah, I'm a bit of an idealist - always have been. It just felt good to vent, pretty much why I set up that blog.   That being said, I didn't say that this sort of stuff should stop completely, I said at one point that if that's what you like in your media or like to talk about, feel free to like it, just don't talk to me about it when I've already said to leave me alone about it (and I don't watch much TV or listen/watch much media aimed at me for that sole reason)
Bolton's a bit shit, not much goes on here. Half the town is shut, and it's a bit scary walking down Manchester road at night.  I think the only thing interesting about the place is this little tidbit:  In 1651 the Earl of Derby was executed for his part in the Bolton Massacre outside the Man and Scythe  Also, another fun fact: I live 2 minutes down th' road from The "Phoenix Club", which I promptly clip people around th' lug'oles, and say "It's the St Gregory's club, you prick."  But I do quite like our accent.
You get laughed at? Damn.. Whenever I tell people, I just get "Huh, interesting. Well, whatever."  I have had the odd giggle, but what can they do about it?   To be fair though, I stopped caring years ago. I have ponies sat on top of my monitor, I have the asexual flag on the back of my car. I am what I am and I ain't changing for no-one, nor am I hiding it.  It's hard to "Let go", but it's probably the best thing I did. Heck, if you don't make a big deal of it, no-one cares. If the topic comes up, mention it. People are more likely to take it in stride and roll with it.
I have an e-mail set and ready to go - could you possibly give it a look over for me before I hit the send button?  Hi there,  Over the past few months, I've been borrowing from Wonga - and while happy with the service, I fear I may have dug myself in a little too deep.  I am contacting you to attempt to set up a repayment plan, I can pay around 200 pcm, which means the outstanding debt can be paid off within 4 months.  If you could contact me back ASAP, that'd be fantastic.  Thank you,  Nathan.
This is my 3rd Tat, I'm considering maybe getting a subtle pony tat next.   But gotta get this finished first! It wraps all the way across my arm pretty much..  Red XIII has been my favourite character in any media EVER for the past **15** years, only felt right to get a full tattoo of him to honour the decade-and-a-half
I WILL QUOTE SUM 41 ALL I LIKE FRIEND.  BUT THANK YOU  YOU MADE ME REALISE HOW FUCKING AWESOME I COULD BE. I'M GOING TO GET HOME FROM WORK LATER AND I'M GOING TO OPEN THOSE BOOKS AND EAT THE WORDS WITH MY EYES.  THEY WILL BE DELICIOUS.
I'm a bit of a mix of both here. I'm a brony, but I despise those who post damn near everything about ponies.   I keep my ponies to the relevent subs, but my avatars (almost everywhere) are ponies. I try to be very pony quiet - posting ponies only in /r/mylittlepony and the fansite I'm on (for ponies) and I keep discussion relevent everywhere else  The avatars throw people right off though, but I just like the pastel coloured bastards so much.
Well said! I run around the park with my Border Collie, and he's usually happy to trot up to any other dog and sniff butts, but any little dog will see him coming and I have to stop and leash mine, because one of the little terrors is barking like a maniac.  It breaks mine and his running flow. :(
We think they are, as almost immediately after building the final expressways, they backed off immediately. There is an unfinished Galaxy Gate over on the Andromeda. They left an "always on" signal warning people not to use it. It's completely dead, though, so why they warned us not to use it seemed a bit redundant.  Yeah, the ships are built with the gateways in mind, though these gates are huge, they're at least a few kilometers tall - The Feln made quite a surprise entrance after the Canir found them. Their ship was huge!  Scientists and Engineers have mapped out the expressways, and the Galaxy Gates, and are in attempts to reverse engineer their schematics, but its proving quite difficult.   As for holding them ransom, that would be quite silly, really. The express gates are one of a kind in each solar system. Without them, there's no way in, or out, apart from conventional FTL drives, the pirates know without it, they're going to waste a lot of money should no-one pay the ransom and they destroy the gate.  As for camping - well, the Admirals of each galaxy have huge warships capable of mass destruction, Pirates don't really stand much of a chance against them. It's been done a few times before, and never again since.  ((sorry that took so long, working on two projects at once, I know. Derp. Got so absorbed in one, I forgot to reply here))
Hmmm,  Feck it! Surprise me with the flair! :D  (Holy shit I actually saw this before the allotted time passed.)
[Faggots](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faggot_%28food%29)  Confuse them!  I sent one of my snackexchange buddies some cadbury's chocolate bars (all the types - Standard/Fruit+nut/turkish delight/Caramel) and they seemed to go down well.  also, Wispas! Wispa gold, too, if you can spot them - I saw one the other day at the garage near my place.
The roaring of the engine.   Hey all! This is my second story on here. I have a few more, completely nonrelated to each other. I might post them if I can remember the details. Anyway, here goes;  I was 18, I'd passed my driving test about 6 months ago, and we were in the city, playing video games at the Gamerbase, in Manchester, under the HMV.  It was about 10:30 when we left the place, and started the walk back to the car.   It was an unremarkable walk, nothing to report, just me and my friends talking about whatever came to mind. Mostly video games.  We got to the car, and the place was empty. Of course, it was 11pm on a sunday night, there won't be too many people about. We got in the car and set out.  We must have hit the East Lancs road about 11:15. We're driving down the road, still talking. I was concentrating on the road. I was still a newbie after all.  The exit for Bolton was coming up, I took it and started speeding up on the motorway. I hit 60MPH on the long straight road. I saw a small movement in the distance. A low hanging tree brance, maybe. I carried on.  Suddenly, a young girl dashed out and lept over the safety barrier. I slammed the brakes, but I couldn't stop in time, there wasn't a chance.   Her legs buckled from the bumper hitting her.   Her side hit the bonnet, I saw her body twist, and her face slammed into my windshield. I don't think I've been any closer to losing my mind than I did at that moment. Her face was crushed against the hard glass.   But she had this... Grin which shook my spine like an earthquake. I was so very tempted to just leap out of my car right at that moment. I kept my cool, and got the car to a stop. (albeit, in the middle of the road, but still)  I opened my door and lunged out of the car and took off up the road to help the person I'd just mowed down. My friends scrambled into action, They thought I'd lost it and chased me up to road to stop me. 2 stayed behind to push the car into the hard shoulder.  I was stunned. I only ran a few meters before stopping. There was nothing there. No body, no blood. Only my skid marks in the road.   I was so certain of what I saw. My friends took me back to the car and we sat outside it for a while. My car was clean. No blood, no dents, no cracked windows.   Nothing.    I was certain for days I had gone mad.
[EU] Decently experienced hunter LF Casual/Raiding guild.   I played pretty seriously back in WotLK, and participated in a realm second Lich King Heroic 10 Man.  Since Cataclysm's release, I've stepped back a little bit and not played as seriously. I've had a lot of jip from guild members and been branded as if I'm in for the loot.  This is by no means a description of me. I'm far from it.  I play the game as what it's meant to be. A Game. I don't care for loot, or who goes into raids instead of me - I know what it's like to be a raid leader, it's a pain in the arse to find a right setup.  I like to Roleplay, but by no means is it a requirement for me. I'm willing to transfer to any realm on the EU rack.   [Here's](http://eu.battle.net/wow/en/character/nagrand/zeifer/simple) my main character - a hunter - on the armoury.   I will be transferring my level 43 hunter over, though. I still have a few friends on my current server and I wouldn't like to lose most contact with them. (I'm currently on Nagrand EU)  I will be able to level this up in a week or 2, though.  I would prefer Horde too, so I wouldn't have to cough up for a Faction Transfer also.  I know it's a long shot, but I hope to hear back from interested people. :)