Ha, you're up on some stuff...I've been working with Sim for about ten years now. Currently helping him get his material online, for sale on an official site: https://sellfy.com/Cerebus and up on tumblr for free: http://cerebusonline.tumblr.com/ Just promoting his stuff on twitter, etc. Wonder what tumblr when say when we get to the 186 pages! Well, it'll be a while till that happens. But in general, I think r/TheRedPill would find a lot of what Sim says to be pretty insightful. I'm just going to post some various quotes of his to gauge the reaction. Although maybe going with "Women Read Minds, Guys" isn't the best way to approach it....still I've posted other quotes from him around here to positive response.  I think it's safe to say Dave Sim is very big on God these days, and so a fan of the Jews...and the Muslims...and the Christians.
Duh me, of course!
This is the thing, if you live in a fair-sized city you'll have some choice, and you can usually find one store differentiating themselves from another in just this way. Or, you can always try a Chapters which seems to have a fairly big comic/graphic novel section these days (at least in my city) and has a bunch of kids' stuff. The linked story was just some guy establishing his feminist bona fides. "I get it! I really get it!" Yeah, because patriarchy. Not market forces or anything like that. Hey, I'm going to go to Gamestop. I bet they have a bunch of games that are just about killing and stuff! Won't someone think of the children!!!
Having studied Malcolm X for over ten years, your criticism of him as insane, violent and a racist is, simply put, completely and totally wrong. Malcolm X never advocated violence. Ever. Not once. He advocated self-defense in an era when black people were being hung from trees. While much has changed in the last 50 years, much also has not and I find his analysis prescient. Yes, there were looters and criminals among the rioters, but I find Malcolm's analysis quite a bit more interesting than your (not to be rude) typically simple-minded offhanded dismissal.
I thought there was one about six months or so ago, but I just can't remember the source. I'll see if I can dig it up. Thanks for the link.
"You know, I think that you've gotten the wrong impression about me. I think in all fairness, I should explain to you what it is that I do. For instance, tomorrow morning I'll get up nice and early, take a walk down over to the bank and walk in and see you, and if you don't have my money for me, I'll crack your fuckin' head wide open in front of everybody in the the bank. And just about the time that I'm comin' out of jail, hopefully, you'll be comin' out of your coma. And guess what?  I'll split your fuckin' head open again. Because I'm fuckin' stupid. I don't give a fuck about jail. That's my business. That's what I do."
Dude, I could not agree more. Eraserhead is unique and fascinating, especially for the time it came out. Blue Velvet is a brilliant anti-Reagan film (not literally, but it puts the lie to the whole small-town America myth). I actually really like Dune. I think it's one of the best sci-fi movies of the 80s. The special effects hold up 30 years later.  The rest of his oeuvre leaves me cold. Lost Highway was almost unwatchable. Mulholland Dr. was just meh. Same with Twin Peaks. He relies way too much on: a) very slowly paced scenes to create "atmosphere" and "tension" that end up just dragging the whole film to a screeching halt, b) breaking the rules of reality in a way that empowers the "it's whatever you want it to be" crowd instead of presenting a cogent story and c) a repetitive attempt to parody a mythological view of America with a fake-50s style that just seems hackneyed after the 10th time he does it.  It's not a technical incompetence, it's just the choices he makes to tell his stories that do nothing for me. Other people like him. Fine. But to put him in the pantheon of Great Directors seems a stretch to say the least. Pretty sure I'll never bother with one of his movies ever again.
["There is no America. There is no democracy. There is only IBM, and ITT, and AT T, and DuPont, Dow, Union Carbide, and Exxon. Those are the nations of the world today. We no longer live in a world of nations and ideologies. The world is a college of corporations, inexorably determined by the immutable bylaws of business. The world is a business. It has been since man crawled out of the slime."](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zI5hrcwU7Dk)
[Here you go.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nXrlhN9rPoc)
Garrison was a nutjob. Watch [Oswald's Ghost](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/amex/oswald/). Garrison was certifiable and the majority of his "evidence" was useless conjecture. So Clay worked with the CIA? So what? The Kennedy Assassination is a million pieces of string that go nowhere. Fifty years later, still no hard evidence, just "Clay worked with the CIA" or "Oswald went to Russia." Yes, yes, but so what? Now that we know that, what do we know? As for the HSCA, here's an excerpt from an excellent [interview with Gerald Posner](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/oswald/interviews/posner.html):  **Q: Can you explain what the House Select Committee on Assassinations (1978-79) found out in the acoustic evidence, and what happened afterward concerning the issue of the reliability of the evidence?**  *A: "The House Select Committee on Assassinations used sound experts to listen to a Dallas police Dictabelt. They concluded with a 95 percent certainty that there was a fourth shot fired at Dealey Plaza, and it came from the grassy knoll. The National Academy of Sciences reviewed their work and found a multitude of errors and omissions. The most serious of which was that at the time that the Select Committee experts thought the shots were, [it] actually, [was] one minute after the assassination had actually taken place. Dealey Plaza is a veritable echo chamber, and it makes it very difficult sometimes to analyze the acoustic testimony. However, by looking at the statements of a witness who gave an opinion as to the source of the shots, we can see certain trends. Eighty-eight percent of the 179 witnesses who expressed an opinion said there were three shots and three shots only. The largest group that identified a location, 28 percent, said they came from the book depository. Only four witnesses, 2 percent of all the witnesses at Dealey, heard shots coming from more than one location."*   Check out the whole interview, it's quite good. And really, Oswald's Ghost is excellent as well.
The White Stripes.
People can watch the entire interview and decide for themselves. What makes his answer particularly disgusting is that, as Cenk pointed out, he was being asked a question about how to bring people together, how to bring some healing to this situation. And he answers by bringing up the guns and drugs, which is just disgusting in the extreme. Perhaps the worst answer he could have given.  That George Zimmerman will live the rest of his life in fear, looking over his shoulder, bothers me not in the slightest. That's what you get for stalking and murdering an unarmed person. Fuck him.
It was a joke, son.  BTW, I've been working in Canadian media for many years. I know what it takes to put out a newspaper.
Another film to check out would be Branded To Kill. Branded To Kill, Le Samourai and Ghost Dog all have essentially the same plot: a hitman is given a job, a woman is left alive as a witness and as a result, his bosses decide to take out the hitman leading to a showdown.
Again, I think you're trying to have it both ways. The law is stupid and unjust, and the prosecution was politically motivated....but really there's no problem because it was all legal. It's this vacillation I object to. Again, that it was in keeping with the law doesn't work because it was selective prosecution, re: the other seed distributors. I think this was without any doubt a strictly political maneuver and neither justice nor the law was served.   And sorry, not be a dick, but you are being naive about the power structure behind the war on drugs. There are very, very powerful interests at work that have absolutely no interest in seeing marijuana decriminalized here and the economic repercussions would be so horrendous, no government could actually enact it up here. Being defeatist is acceptance of defeat without struggle. That's not what I'm advocating, the struggle should go on, but if you're not aware of just how powerful the anti-drug lobby is in the U.S. you're kidding yourself. I have to agree with David Simon, the U.S. drug war is a holocaust in slow-motion and if they're willing to live with that, what makes you think Canada is going to change their mind? We follow their lead because we have to.
Bubbles meets Bubbles