Could be mate, but I'm not really one to be diagnosing that for you.  You going through anything in life at the moment that could be causing it?  I was going to add that in there, but I didn't really think people felt that way just because I do. I've had a rough 2 years and get that same feeling, bud.   You're not alone.
I never really understood it either, but all the same it was a twist that you never expected and really they didn't have to even include it in the episode.   It was a way of giving the audience a quick piece of closure, that people didn't even really think about too much.   Weird though,   Hank - Propane at Strickland  Dale - Exterminator at Dales Dead Bug  Bill - Barber at the Army Base  Khan - Systems Analyst / Car Wash Tycoon  Peggy - Teacher  Minh - err.. Homemaker?  Nancy - Weather Reporter for a news station  Boomhauer - ???????? nothing at all till the last season.
Yup, I've been through the ranks where you kick off with an evod, then you get your regulated Vamo, then you chase power and clouds which gets you on RBA's / RDA's and a mech mod, I'm now at the final stage of settling with an istick and a cloupor.. That's it for me.  I don't need or want a 5909w unit to fire a stupid quad coil, Jean zipper, rip tripper build.  Kayfun, single coil micro, .8 ohm on a regulated LITTLE unit is all I need.
Keep in mind, 99% of people will jump online and bitch and moan about how bad their device is, no one goes onto forums to start a new post of "I bought a Nexus 9 and it works fine"  A lot of us haven't had any issues at all, knock on wood, mine has been brilliant and stable since day one, and I was an early adopter.
Grab the free version off the play store as a sample, but I can assure you it's well worth it.  Just remember, the only limitation you'll have is what the manufacturer will let you see via the port.  Codes has worked on all my cars so far.
Thanks mate :)
Nothing says I'm reading a post by an aussie as when you see 'these cunts'   Fucking brilliant.  But yeah, give us some examples dude, you can't just slander someone's business and not back yourself up
"He would do his little cape thing" - this line got me smiling and laughing.  Being an adult, you see that as being cute in a way, but as a kid, he would be seen as a freak and constantly bullied where I went to school.
Oi Ben!   Oi Ben: https://youtu.be/2GLFzhYV5S0
Its not very often that something actually makes me 'lol' .. Your comment is today's winner
Well hang on..  I did the ota manually to lollipop.   So far I've had no dramas, the battery is better than it was on KitKat, the phone is still very snappy and quick, and it might be a placebo effect but the camera seems better.  The only issue I have is that the 4chan app Chanu no longer works.
I have a N5 and a 2012 N7,  I pulled the trigger and pre-ordered a 32gb N9 the day it was open for pre-order.  I buy every Nexus, including the dreaded heap of shit Galaxy Nexus.  The Nexus 6 will be the exception, I don't mind the price as you're paying for what you're getting, but 6 inches is just too stupidly big.  Project Volta better sort out my Nexus 5 battery life, or I'll be updating to the 2014 Moto X instead.  Just when Google finally release the dream Nexus phone, with all the hardware and build quality we have been waiting for, they fuck it right up by making it the biggest phone on the market.  Where's my Nokia 8210, I'm going back to the days when my battery lasted 3 days and the phone fit in my pocket.
Damn it, I haven't even sold a juice yet and I already have 3 employees on the books.  Fine, you're hired.  Plus you get a free bottle of Statutory Grape from PENIS Juice Down Under (Being from Aus, this only makes sense to add to the name)  No, honestly, PM me details, I'll pay the shipping etc and send you a bottle of Juice for you to try out and tell me what you think.   Even though technically I can't sell Nic based juices in Aus, doesn't stop me selling to the US! , So let me know the mg.
There is more to every story than what the media portrays to you.  There is always a LOT more.  In the case of Aborigines, unfortunately, the majority ruin it for the minority, and not the other way around.  There are a lot that genuinely try hard, are successful, and lead a great life.. Then there are the ones that take everything for granted, get given everything on a silver platter, get free housing, free schooling, free medical, free or heavily subsidised EVERYTHING, and still manage to ruin it and disrespect it.  I'm not racist towards any race in particular, I'm equally racist towards everyone.
All credit to the XA and XB for ride and comfort, I don't mind the front end, it's more the rounded back that I wasn't too big of a fan of.  My most hated car of that Era when it comes to Holden and Ford would still be the UC Torana.. and I'm a Holden boy.  You're lucky to be still holding onto one, they're hard to find these days, or priced so high they are out of reach!
Nope.. Well not to me anyways buddy.  It had me scratching my head on what you were rambling on about, so at least you win that prize!