Goodbye International Space Station, Hello Moon Village
I've been waiting for someone to bring up Pennsylvania. Unfortunately it seems like we're going to have to get medicinal cannabis legalized first as a stepping stone to legalization.   At least now we have a governor in Tom Wolf who has said repeatedly that he would sign a medical cannabis bill if one made it to his desk. Our old governor Tom Corbett has said in the past on numerous occasions that he would veto any sort of cannabis bill presented in front of him, be it recreational or medicinal, that guy was a real dick.
In Boon for Monsanto, Federal Judge Quashes Maui County GMO Ban: Attorney says that decision 'not only ignores the will of the people, but places at risk all local regulations that seek to address the harmful impacts of GMO operations.'
'A Great Day for Corporate America': US Senate Passes Fast Track. 'Shameful' vote all but ensures approval of mammoth trade deals like the TransPacific Partnership
Removed. Rule #10 of the sub, continued violations will result in a ban from /r/conspiracy.
Really ?!  I think starting a war on what was later proven to be manufactured, phony evidence and bombing a country back to the stone age would make the United States the savages in that situation.   The US left a power vacuum for religious strife to take place, they created a platform for it. Then you have people like Chris Kyle blaming the victims of war for getting sucked up in a power vacuum that he helped create. The idiocy and ignorance looms large in that mans worldview.   Furthermore you have the US army engaging in brutal torture on Iraqis in Abu Ghraib prison, setting dogs on them and electrocuting the prisoners genitalia to get perverse pleasure. That's pretty savage if you ask me. Good luck justifying the atrocities committed by the occupying US army in Iraq, you have your work cut out for you.
Never mind, I saw it, its right on the front page. Thank you !
I always tell people this. The first step to curtailing the police state is to stop watching shows like Law   Order, 24 and NCIS. We have to lower the prestige of the police state in America.   Literally the biggest hit comedy film this past summer was 22 Jump Street. That's not some mistake. Its not an accident that 'cop shows' are a genre in and of themselves in American television and film. We are programmed to always give the police the benefit of the doubt in any situation.
The mistake our politicians so often make with these industry leaders is in thinking they are interested in, or respectful of, the power of government. All they want is to keep stealing. If you can offer them the governments seal of approval on that, theyll take it. But if you cant, well, theyll take that too.    Matt Taibbi, *Griftopia: Bubble Machines, Vampire Squids, and the Long Con That Is Breaking America*
No I just stumbled across it organically when I googled, "Reddit vote", looking for articles about the rule change, I actually didn't click on that link but it's nice to see we are thinking alike. BTW, I was the mod who proposed stickying your submission. This entire situation is completely fucked. I spent 18 months religiously Redditing, just to have the rug pulled out from under me. How am I, a user of a sub that is regularly vote brigaded, expected to not suspect the worst after such a sudden loss of transparency ?
So what's strange about this is that Michael Ruppert has done Joe Rogan's podcast twice and the last time he appeared on there was in May of 2012 and he was as positive as I've ever heard him sound. The 1st time he did Rogan's podcast he was all doom and gloom, now granted this was almost 2 years ago that he was in good spirits and that is a long time, but that's the last I heard from him. I know he did that 6-part series for Vice called Apocalypse man, but I haven't seen that yet. Here's the link for the last Rogan podcast he did in May 2012:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-Pg8dMErHE
Except  " The hawkish legislation, which essentially hands the president the full-force of the U.S. military if negotiations fail, comes just one week before Tehran sits down with six major powers in Geneva to discuss its nuclear program. For some foreign policy observers on the Hill, it threatens to spoil the already-delicate negotiations."
So what you're saying is that Israel is going to make the United States fight Iran for them, because everyone knows Israel doesn't have it in them to throw down with Iran alone, they lack the manpower, will and national identity and would crumble amidst the 1st real damage to their safe, walled, enclosure-nation, away from the world. AIPAC also lobbied aggressively for the US invasion of Iraq as well as a complicit Zionist owned media misleading  the sheep-like American public along the way. So if it wasn't for Israel getting America to do all of their dirty work for them, that delusional map you linked to really wouldn't be possible now would it ? BTW don't count on a war hungry American public to fight another 1 of Israel's wars for them. Also I take it from your username that you were born in 1991,   yet you speak so casually of mass casualties across the Middle East just so the Israelis can have their blood drenched, biblical land of Israel in all their greedy glory. I bet the toughest thing you've ever done is snipe some Middle Eastern characters on Call of Duty or some other video game, you know nothing of the world. Big talk you've got there, but what's the end game for Israel, what if somehow against all odds Israel managed to achieve the atrocity that is that map, then what, does your space Jesus come back in Jerusalem or something ? No he doesn't. He never does cause it's a fucking fairy tale, how come religious people are unable to comprehend the notion of ALLEGORIES. I'll tell you what will happen though, greedy Israel will continue to expand East into they run into either nuclear Pakistan or nuclear India, take your fucking pick because I bet you in your infinite wisdom which you've accumulated over the course of 22 years as a religious Christian, are also ready to nuke the world so Israel can have a little more land and you increase your likelihood of meeting space Jesus from your fairy tale a little bit more.
Thank you!   Solar panels should have been on the White House for 36 years, beginning in 1977 with Jimmy Carter, before they were cruelly yanked down by the Reagan administration in 1981, because and I'm absolutely serious here, Reagan that they were the embodiment of "big government". Backwardness thy name be Reagan. The solar panels were not costly or wasteful, they just symbolized change and terrified Big Oil, which had a stranglehold over the presidency, since Kennedy's coup d'etat in '63.    http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2009/01/27/white-house-solar-panels_n_160575.html
Amber Lyon revealed this on Joe Rogan's podcast like a year ago, she said that everyone should take a sticky note and cover up their webcam with it, even with me covering up my webcam with a sticky for a year now, I'm sure the NSA still has like hundreds of hours of me jacking it, mere feet away from my face.
What a perfectly crafted piece of disinformation, by the way Woodrow Wilson would go on to say this of the Federal Reserve Act of 1913: "I am a most unhappy man. I have unwittingly ruined my country. A great industrial nation is controlled by its system of credit. Our system of credit is concentrated. The growth of the nation, therefore, and all our activities are in the hands of a few men. We have come to be one of the worst ruled, one of the most completely controlled and dominated Governments in the civilized world no longer a Government by free opinion, no longer a Government by conviction and the vote of the majority, but a Government by the opinion and duress of a small group of dominant men." -Woodrow Wilson, after signing the Federal Reserve into existence