Awesome, thank you!
God, you guys are all such sentimental handbag fags. "I don't WANT to give up my Denard!" I say let's sim it. It'll be fun and unique
Do you honestly think someone could get 30 sacks against a user?
[Discussion] College Poetry Experiment - Help Needed!   Hello /r/books and r/poetry! My group and I need help with a social experiment for our Poetry for the People class. We are trying to construct a poem with various users submitting 1-2 lines. We want you to feel free to express whatever poetic style you choose, so it can be a sonnet couplet style, free verse, heroic couple, weird stream of consciousness hormonal teen style, or whatever you think of when you think "poetry"  We're looking for anywhere from 25-50 lines to create a completed poem, so we could really use the help. And if you choose to write, please come back and explain your choices in this thread!  Our professor told us that no one had ever successfully completed a social media approach, so we would love to be the first and gloat. Also, my groupmates don't believe in the power of Reddit and I would love to prove them wrong as well. So please help me force some eating of crow and thank you in advance for your help!
Oh yeah, I loved 2K5. It was an amazing game. Obviously Madden 15 has its problems, but it is definitely the best Madden game in years. I guess take that for what it's worth.
Look to the right of the alarm clock. Classic 90s film subliminal message. Timestamp 55:13.
Disney Has Nothing on Beethoven (1992)
Well, life moves pretty fast...
There's actually a documentary about him that's pretty interesting. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1352717/  "John Cazale was in only five films - The Godfather, The Conversation, The Godfather, Part Two, Dog Day Afternoon, and The Deer Hunter - each was nominated for Best Picture. Yet today most people don't even know his name. I KNEW IT WAS YOU is a fresh tour through movies that defined a generation."  Edit: Wow, I didn't expect my simple post to blow up that much. Also, thanks for the gold!
Well, that's certainly better than a 24 hour marathon of just Deer Hunter.
The 7th Annual 24 Hour Christmas Movie Marathon   This might get buried today because of the Star Wars craziness, but I wanted to share my Christmas tradition with you guys now that it's officially the Christmas season. Since high school, my friends and I have done this crazy marathon. We buy a shit-ton of terrible food, laugh, and enjoy all the best that Christmas has to offer. Even though my friends live in different states now, they're flying in for this crazy ritual.  I've seen a lot of posts about marathons here, but I have never seen anything as crazy as this. So, hopefully you guys appreciate this and feel free to ask questions!  Here's our schedule: [CMM Schedule](http://i.imgur.com/q0wZ8ou.jpg)
14!
He's officially out now with a concussion.
Depends on Charles' injury. If he plays, take a risk on Khiry. If Charles isn't playing then you have to go with Knile.
I posted this last night, but it was so late that I didn't really get a response.  10 Team 1pt PPR Trade Away: Percy Harvin Receive: Alshon, Reggie Bush  I'm just wary of Harvin's durability and I like Alshon better long-term.
10 team 1pt PPR  QB: Stafford WR: Megatron, Sanders, Benjamin, Gordon RB: Ball, Gio, Pierce, Doug Martin, Sankey TE: Gronk  WR and the flex are definitely a problem for me. I left a few players off here because I'm working the waiver wire tomorrow.