Well, I went through the following procedure because I did it all as it happened. I am sure by now you can skip half the steps  1. http://forum.xda-developers.com/z3-compact/development/stock-firmware-23-0-1-5-77-generic-t3012378  2. Flashed the first available Lollipop rom as soon as it was available pre rooted. I had to reinstall custom recovery though.  3. then I flashed this: http://forum.xda-developers.com/z3-compact/development/d5803-lollipop-5-02-odexed-pre-rooted-2-t3090505. When you do this, make sure to flash the dualrecovery after flashing the rom. Otherwise you lose the custom recovery again.   I am sure this is nowhere near a good enough step by step guide. But you can find everything you need on XDA.  Edit: This is a good guide. http://forum.xda-developers.com/z3-compact/general/how-to-root-backup-drm-keys-t3013343  Again, something easier might be available by now.
Every time I read something like this I am shocked. In Germany, where I am from this just doesn't happen. We have a social security system that will in your case probably pay you benefits for being an orphan, your rent (if you flat fits the maximum size allowed) and some money to eat.  It's all good that America is the greatest country on Earth but this is unacceptable.
I totally get where your question is going.   All the answers make sense and try to show you a way to get out of an awkward situation.   However I would like to recommend something else.   If somebody has a certain budget and wants to spend that, that's fine. To that person it won't matter if they can get the same quality (considering their level of skill) as with one that is below their budget. So if you actually have the knowledge, recommend a camera that is good and is within their budget. Who are you to say that their pictures will turn out like shit and they don't have the potential to actually make use of the camera.  Now the important part is manage expectations. Try before buy is the motto. Who buys an expensive camera before taking it for a spin? If you have the time, let them take a few pictures with your camera. They'll see what they look like. If you don't have the time, tell them to ask in the store. Of course you should tell them why they should try the camera first and see what pictures they end up with.   But you shouldn't feel bad and it should not be an awkward situation. If you recommend something and they are too lazy to try it first: their fault. They don't have to follow your advice.   And for the guy who complained after: why don't you show him the kind of picture you can take with it.
Thanks.
Do this and just eat less.   https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B2oknZg-EI8xZFVkemhWMWlkVDg/edit?usp=sharing   There is no excuse. No matter your level you'll find the right exercise. It takes less than 45 minutes 3 times a week. If you're a beginner you can do all of it at home.   /r/bodyweightfitness  Hit me back in 3 months and tell me how your doing.   Edit: you're not your.
Well I live in London and hate shopping here. Everywhere is the same (reiss, massimo dutti, topshop, zara, etc.) or its way to alternative. I would like to find somewhere that sells shirts, jeans, t-shirts and jumpers that are not branded but decent (not necessarily great) quality. I don't want to be spending 90 per shirt though.   I might be asking for something that does not exists but I am personally very disappointed with the selection in London if you are not willing to spend crazy money
I don't know you and I do not know your background or opinion, so please don't take it personal.  If that is your reasoning then that's fine, but then don't complain later that rents are too high. (I am not saying you do)  I am just saying people have no integrity. They all want things to change but nobody is willing to do anything for it. The only thing people with money understand is if you boycott their BS. And if you want things to change you have to start with the man in the mirror and not just expect others to do the shitty work for you.   Rents are too high in London? Don't move here or move away.  Rent for a certain flat is unacceptable? Don't move in.   But then somebody else will move in there and nothing will change anyway and on top of that you don't have a flat and that other person does? Maybe. But maybe at some point everybody refuses this BS and we actually make a difference. Be the change that you want to see. I know it sounds so silly but it is true.
Like I said, I don't know at all. And also like you said we'll probably not find out anytime soon.   But yes, very interesting. Of course, with different timelines, I think your explanation is better than mine. I simply do not believe in (hope there are no different timelines.
Of course
Nobody ever admits something is great or awful. It's always not bad or not great.
I went to a funeral, sat down and the old lady that was walking towards a seat in the middle of the row in front of me tripped and fell. Me and my friend looked at each other and had one of those moments in our minds:  Him: Dude, did you see that?!  Me: Yes, I did. What are we going to do?  Him: Please play it cool. If you as much as smirk, I will burst out laughing.  Me: Gotcha!  Looked to the front of the room for 1 hour not saying anything.
That is what I will do. Currently playing around with it. Thank you also for your feedback.
Same here. Love that one.
Sorry, that's not what I meant.
I had a HTC One M7, dropped it a million time. I few bends, but the phone does not break even without a case. I loved the phone, because of Sense. Best UI in my eyes. But the battery life was terrible. I now got a Z3 compact and I think I will love it. No case either. Battery seems good, but I don't see it as being as amazing as everybody says.
If you don't like it you don't like it, that's fine. But for me it is one of the most important things I have ever watched. Two of the main characters, Jack and Daniel, have actually influenced me a lot. I still think that trying to be a bit of both will make the perfect human being. The two of them unite traditional values and open-mindedness perfectly. They are and forever will be my role models.