Thats pretty crazy. but I'm like you, i would have done anything to stop these dogs from killing mine
i'm always that guy
duct tape
276 :)
did you win?
I wont be upset if it's not me. but I would be very happy if it was me. I've just gotten into the Witcher games and would love to have Witcher 3. even if I'm not chosen you are a good person for doing a giveaway :) (also I'm Australian so yeah probably wouldn't work even if I was chosen)
mmmbop... thats all you need
you really need to charge your phone
Thanks very much. I will starting looking around :)
was just about to post this... glad i checked and i agree with you something is up if he hasn't pressed it...
ok thanks
not a comment but /r/oldpeoplefacebook makes me laugh a fair bit
dude... your shoes are leaking...
as a child I was always on the bigger side (it never really bothered me) my nickname in school was "fatty" (legit) still it never bothered me. after I left school I never really stepped on scales to weigh myself un till I turned 20, I had no girlfriend and struggled to get girls when I went out with friend. I weighed myself and was 115kg (I'm Australian) after that moment I told myself I would lose it and get fit. its been 3 years now I'm down to 80KG and have had a lovely SO for the last 2 years.
so that's where ice cube has been hiding!
TIFU by putting moisturiser on my sunburn (NSFW?)   So it really started yesterday after I finished ripping up my old lawn from my backyard. It took me around 10 hours and I was wearing a singlet. Dumbass me forgot to put sunscreen on my back where my skin shows... So I got sunburnt. My girlfriend gave me some moisturiser to put on it to make it better she told me "this works really well for me" so I put it on. This morning I went to work, putting more on in the morning and also at around 1pm (during lunch) getting towards the end of my shift my sunburn was starting to get pretty painful but because I'm a man... I worked through the pain. It wasn't until the end of my shift I couldn't take it anymore so I went to the medic. Took me shirt off and what do you know... I've had an allergic reaction to the moisturiser and my sunburn is now fully blistered and pussy... Half of which has popped and not very pleasing to look at... The nurse gave me some burnaid and sent me to my room to relax and go back to see her in the morning. So that's how TIFU  Note: I work away from home on a mine site, that's why I had to see a medic