Price Point: You choose the target price you want each customer to spend (at least)
the guy worships snakes   is a perv... screw what he thinks. he's a huge asshole.   he made some great comics, true... but, he's not bulletproof with his opinion...there's plenty of great comic writers who can back up how much of a crazy fuck jerk Alan Moore is   shouldn't be worshipped...
^ Preach this
https://www.reddit.com/r/AustinPetLostAndFound
800 4my XBOX  http://support.xbox.com/en-US/ [show]  @XboxSupport
w/ software updates (via XB1) it's better than it was at launch (be sure to update controller when it's plugged in)  I bought one a month ago through MSFT store for $47.   It's comfortable. In fact, very comfortable (I use it for more than XB1 now). I have it on for hours   never bugs me (rare for a headset)  Sounds great (no surround; only stereo). It's Polk, they make some of THE best speakers around.   Yes, the built in mic isn't as great as others... So, register it @ Polk's site w/ the yellow paper that's packed.   Then look at their support page. Find the email they post to like EVERY complaint about mic sound. Email them w/ address, Serial Number, phone # etc...  I did it, got a new (free) mic in 2 days shipped (free).   Some say their 4 shot now comes w/ headset adapter, mine didn't. I actually like the adapter, has a great mic   awesome cord to connect to controller (the material is soft   doesnt' seem to get in the way).  It's a great headset. Especially at that price, it's THE best XB1 wired headset I've used. You can spend $250+ on a wireless Turtle Beach w/ surround, but that's up to you. Enjoy.
if it kept us in a room together, we'd go straight into another match   therefore speed up the MP process for the user...   also after a couple of games, we'd have a group of people determined to play   weed out the quitters who ruin the experience.
when wolvy comes back (  he will), he'll appear less 'Hugh Jackman'   more (insert next actor lined up to play him)...
nobody ever feigned outrage over Bush W. it was genuine. there wasn't speculation, it was grounded in facts. nobody imagined that he was born in a far away land (although he actually wasn't from Texas). fear-mongering is all about 'what ifs'. the GOP is all about imagining what they are up against.   the democrats are for policy where as GOP is for philosophy http://www.vox.com/2014/9/15/6131919/democrats-and-republicans-really-are-different  one party is attracted to tangible results   the other is attracted to something in their gut. what is it with the GOP   them not believing in science, facts, or anything laid out in front of them in favor of made up hypothesis or religion?   they're not focused on helping the people the people who elected them so much as they are on getting their way (  staying in power). they'd rather monkeywrench DC for 2 Obama terms than do a job. come 2016, they're hoping voters blame Obama for their lack of attention. they'll do anything to win an election EXCEPT have a proven track record   run an honest campaign...all at the expense of the public.
Amazing Spiderman 2: (the last movie that drove me nuts)  - I know it's straight from the comic, but seeing it onscreen is ridiculous: everyone in Peter's life becomes a villain   - They become a villain for no good reason (bad day, didn't get their way)  - Rhino has no problem barreling through Manhatten with an 18 wheeler, but he's polite enough to wait for Spidey to have a heart to heart with a child (seriously, he'd massacre both from behind)  - the crowd lines up for fights like it's a PPV wrestlemania. no one is running for their life...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymltNm4p2VY
GE Micro Kitchen
Talk to your neighbors, look for food trucks around noon to see. Research   make some calls. Otherwise, they should be sending reps to your door...   make them work. make them work against each other for price. notice when the prices change,   let them know you know. the more you do this, the more deals they'll offer   the less your prices will fluctuate.
When the fraternal order of police first introduced tasers   pepper spray, they were proposed as non-lethal substitutes for guns  They could only be used to dissolve situations where guns are appropriate   you think the 'don't tase me bro' guy could've been shot for hogging a podium? you think protesters deserve to be shot in the face?
DISH Network customers need not apply...
for those keeping score:  http://majornelson.com/2013/04/08/halo-4-castle-map-pack/  A year ago, they lowered the prices for a sale. It'd be nice if they did something permanently this Summer...  http://halo.wikia.com/wiki/Map_Packs  here is a history of the map packs and their prices. Halo 4 map packs are the EXACT same price today as they were brand new ($10).   Halo 4 now sells for $30, which is 50% off the original price.   MSFT   343 has a group of dedicated fans who wants to play their product. Despite all it's shortcomings, seems people are practically begging to be able to play   enjoy it...   When Halo 5 comes out, what incentive do we have to buy the DLC maps? I'm sure I will, but I'll have reservations about doing so. For a game like Halo, it should be a no brainer.