Yes.
The beautiful Westcave Preserve in Dripping Springs near Austin, TX
Mannequin sitting outside a shop in La Alberca, Spain
Went to a wedding of an extremely religious couple. About halfway through the ceremony, the bride starts washing her husband's feet like Jesus did for the disciples. I have no idea what it had to do with getting married, but it was very uncomfortable watching a woman bent down scrubbing her almost-husband's feet in front of a silent crowd.
Minnesota: Has beautiful lakes and a great place to raise a family (very safe, good schools).  Minnesota: Terribly cold, long winters. And it's boring.
Yeah, I didn't use cassettes as often as VHS. But I definitely had a few cassette tapes. One had a song called "15 Ways to Stay Out of Trouble." It was a fun song.
Still waiting for it as an 18 year old....
My dog, if he counts as an item.
Havanese, actually
I pooped in various places around my school. Got caught.
Captain Phillips. Didn't expect to like it so much.
I solved it myself! Took me a while, but I realized it may not have been a movie. In fact, it was a Muppets special called The Frog Prince. Can't believe it's taken me so long to find this, been searching for like two years.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d9YMg6oBFHQ
I always prefer paperback. Its cheaper and easier to read in bed. There definitely have been books that customers have come in looking for but they're so obscure that it doesn't even come up in the database. I can't think of any books that are banned from B N; I'm pretty sure we do sell State and Revolution, Communist Manifesto, etc. Actually, I think we are against banning books and have had a Banned Books Week where we promoted banned books.
Swimmin in that minimum wage cash.
We have a shelf of unreleased books that we can take home. I've read a few of them, honestly they haven't been my favorites. A few days ago someone left their payed copy of Flowers for Algernon at the check out counter and I read it during my shift and it was depressing at shit.   So far, my best day at work was my first time working at the Customer Services desk because there was no one there who needed help so I pretty much spent the day hanging out with my friend at the children's section. My managers are super chill so they don't care if we just stand around and talk as long as there are no customers looking for help. So yeah, it would either be that day or this other time when it was storming and we were doing inventory so for the last two hours of my shift there were literally no customers so we went around the store taking pictures with the hand puppets.
I think I've always had vague knowledge of the holocaust, like my parents probably gave me a toned down summary of it when I was maybe 6/7/8. In fourth grade I started reading tons of books on the holocaust, by fifth grade I had a lot of knowledge about it. Of course, everything that happened in the holocaust was horrifying and maybe not the best subject material for a grade schooler. But I think it was great when I started learning more about it because it's important thing to remember.  My parents are also paranoid about the state of antisemitism around the world and are prepared to move to Israel if things go to shit in the US.