Number of U.S. Children Living in Poverty Spikes
You could make that argument for anything then. If we all chip-in in taxes, then whatever the majority says so, gets paid for through the tax system via the State Authority, and therefore is a "right". I view rights as something you are free to pursue, but cannot be one persons claim on some one elses labor. But I see your argument clockworkgirl21.  Edit: sorry I realized later that I was arguing another point about healthcare being a "right". Not about the smaller paycheck versus taxes.
This one is awesome
Memorial Day has nothing to do with the founding of the United States.
There is always a point when I'm looking through "Mildly Interesting" when I physically laugh out loud because it is the perfect three way intersection of:  1. Me realizing I need to get an actual life.  2. The mind numbing randomness of this whole subreddit.  3. Then seeing a great post like this one and saying to myself "hey, that's pretty cool".  And all is right with the universe once again. This was that post. (And the dryness of the title is the trigger).
Which one's normal?
that's funny
Obama said it was "up to the Iranians to choose their government, but sometimes their governments acts poorly". That was Obama's way of staying away from the Green Revolution controversy but claiming he was taking a stance, That is a joke. Those words had no different impact than if he really would have said "trust your Mullahs" (which he didn't). But explain exactly how Obama's mild lip-service was anything but a tacit support of the status quo in Iran. http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/318891#.T0xSqdSGBFs.facebook
Were you allergic to nuts?
That's funny you put the nickle there because I was not actually getting it until my brain processed the coin. Very good.
Fry's dog turned into Dolomite
So cool. Is this in New Jersey?
Looks like a staging area for transportation. Boat or truck.
People who wear jeans and sandals. They're trying too hard for the laid back image. Bunch'a d!ckheads if you ask me.
This is why I like Reddit. A perfectly pointless posting that actually amuses me greatly. Well done.
look at that skinny-mini in the white tank top. Super nice looking!