Back then I should have, but now enough time has passed that I don't want to awaken that issue again. I find it concerning that there are people out there who get joy out of trying to ruin someone's life just because that person made a joke in bad taste (with no malicious intent, or intent to offend). I don't want them to start making things difficult for me again.
It bothers me that you appear to be one of "them"... But the reason was to get away from the brigading caused by one stupid comment. I was very active in programming and financial/investing subreddits where people had a lot of questions. I'd contribute efforts to help those seeking help, but when all my comments were downvoted by the SRS members it was a bad deal because it made my advice look like the wrong advice, and could have an impact on those asking for advice. It still doesn't make sense to me... This was a couple of years ago so maybe SRS has changed, but back then their actions were completely inappropriate imo.
After politics was removed as a default sub it started to leach out into other subs. Browsing the default subs is no longer as fun and relaxed as it used to be for me. It seems like every other post is a post that intends to get some kind of reaction out of users like "look what this company/person is doing?!?!", "our rights are being taken away!", or they are something like "check out this video from a talk show host talking about something political!", etc etc.  I've started to find myself going full circle. I'm actually using Digg again because of all of this political/sensationalist nonsense.
I love the fear you can hear in their voices and the overall ominous feel as they know they can do nothing to stop the punishment they so deserve.
This isn't really something they can push things for that limit the cyber rights of citizens. This is a company that was attacked by hackers and it doesn't relate to NSA policies that people have grown to hate (and probably should).  I can see a few legislation proposals:  * Tougher sentences for those who hack with malicious intent * Sentences for those who support those who hack with malicious intent * More security assurances required by holders of large amounts of customer information * Fines for companies found to lack sufficient data security  All of which I would support.
Because of rising nationalism and the perception that people are willing to sacrifice more to expand their country. If he backs down now Russia will look weak, mostly because of the language used by both sides in their "demands". Russia leadership has to make it look like they've won something, and they likely bit off more than they can chew when they weren't satisfied with Crimea. If they lose ground Russia will appear weak and nationalism will fall, and meanwhile the economy will still be in tatters.   I think they also want to make a strong statement for why Baltic states should not move towards NATO, and it's because of the threat of "separatism" (aka being invaded by Russia under a guise).  Imposing fear of demise (country, person or otherwise) is a tactic that works well. Just look at the case of former KGB agent that was poisoned with plutonium in Western Europe after publicly challenging Putin and his ways. You can bet your ass such people will now be much more hesitant to publicly criticize Putin if they previously served with him or were in a position of power.
Doubtful. The Kurd fighters are skilled and dedicated, but they do not have very large numbers. Iraq would likely have support from Iran and other regional governments... Possibly even the US in a giant clusterfuck.  The Kurds would gain nothing by attacking the Iraqi government, and vice versa.
I work with a lot of Turks, and they are truly scared of this man and what Erdogan is turning Turkey into. When I first started working with them 5 years ago they were happy for the future of Turkey as a secular state, but now whenever they talk about visits back home they tell me how freedoms are fading away and how people now hesitate to criticize the government in public due to fear of retaliation.   It's a sad series of events, and I too worry that Turkey may be headed towards a path of further backwards "Islamification" of the state. In 20 years we may view the state of Turkey today in the same way we view the state of Iran prior to the Islamic "revolution".
Thanks! This was very to the point and now I'm definitely leaning towards 20% down over paying in cash.  Interestingly a few people have PMed me too with some other things swaying my decision. Mainly that if I use most of my funds in buying a house, I lose a lot of liquidity and may have to sell the house and pay rent again anyway if something unexpected sidelines me from earning an income through the workforce for a couple of years. Whereas if I have a mortgage, I still am sitting on considerable investments that could be partially cashed to weather unforeseen emergencies.  Thank you again! And to the others who offered advice =)
Cue the armchair Redditor architects and building engineers who will tell you about how it's going to rot and fall to the ground within the next couple of days. But that'll be the least of your worries, because they will also diagnose you with some fatal disease related to some imperfection found on your skin in one of the pics after glancing across it with their doctor eyes.
Seems a lot better if the girl planned it. Versus: "I like that girl but she doesn't seem to notice me. I'm gonna go knock that bitch down."
I don't think a lot of people realize just how bad the situation in Mexico is... To put it in perspective, the number of deaths from the Mexican Drug War since 2006 is estimated to be 4-5x higher than the deaths (including civilians) occurring in the **ENTIRE** Afghanistan War since the US invasion in 2001.  It truly is a bloodbath down there.
If it's just used for storing media and it isn't being shared out to hundreds of simultaneous users then cheap consumer NAS drives should be sufficient. You won't get much benefit with hybrid drives, as your content is media and hybrids mostly assist with increasing speeds for files that have a typical load pattern (like those used by the OS).  Vibration and heat shouldn't be a problem, especially if you have a CoolerMaster with that many bays. They designed it for that, and your drives won't be running extremely hot anyway.
I'm not a realtor, but as someone who has looked at many mid-range homes ($400-600k in my area) and put inspections/offers on a few... If they have JUST put in carpeting, ask the previous owners why they put it in. Also walk around and feel for uneven spots. I've been to two places with brand new carpeting, and with both of them it was a sneaky way of hiding uneven spots in the floor.  And it's not really a question, but more of a tip. Watch for trees that are too close to the house. For one they can damage the foundation (your inspector will let you know if any damage has already occurred) and secondly they can make it an absolute bitch to clean your roof + gutters.  Plus a no brainer: Ask how old the roof is, and how long it is rated for.
It's truly incredible how common rare diseases really are across the population. I have a neurological/autoimmune illness and while the specialists know what antibodies I have, and what the symptoms are, very little is actually understood about the illness... to the point where it doesn't even have a name.   Prior to the antibody find I was told I may have the following ALS (first), Stiff Person Syndrome (two months later), Neuromytonia (three months later), Parkinsons or Multi System Atrophy (six months later). Then when they found the antibody they told me it was none of these previous suspects. The only real treatments currently known are suppression of the immune system or plasma exchange (both treatments I have been lucky enough to avoid)... And those are basically some of the most generic treatments out there. All of this both scares me and excites me when it comes to our understanding of neurological illnesses... It scares me because often diagnoses are often just educated guesses and change frequently with the symptoms, and because the underlying pathology of many of these illnesses is unknown. But it greatly excites me also, because I can see we are in the infancy of understanding, and that means incredible advances lay before us!
The violent 'protesters' have been causing trouble for over a week. They seem hellbent on getting some violent clashes to take place, probably because they foolishly find it to be adventurous and fun. If they haven't stopped yet, they probably won't stop for the National Guard. It's going to be very interesting, because in many previous historical instances where the National Guard is called in to stop riots, they end up shooting and killing multiple rioters... and that was before social media. Now with Twitter, Facebook, and all the other social media so easily accessible, I could foresee this turning into long term 'insurgency' of sorts, with race being the underlying factor in who is being attacked and who is attacking.