It's snowing in Queensland, Australia  and no one can understand why
I guess it's viral everywhere now
I guess he'll do 3 laps
4s iOS 7 ? That's probably the worse OS for the 4s... iOS8 is way better and the new betas of iOS9 shows a totally different phone. It's wayy smoother than iOS7
I think this is a great feature because the app switcher is rubbish. It takes ages to double click the home button, choose an app and do something. I think it needs a refinement
I also started with an iPod touch, it was amazing, few months later got the iPhone 4s, then an iPad, then the 5s, then the 6. I'm gonna buy a rMBP shortly. True bastards ! hehe
the 12'' MacBook would be better for your Portability and lightness priority. However, you'll have to pay for it,  and for the same price you can have the retina MacBook which is faster and is also very portable
you cannot upgrade the ram in any MacBook
if the 16GB of RAM weren't enough I don't know what to do since you cannot have more than that! :D The 6100 works well with Photoshop, sure the 15'' will be faster and so on, but it depends on what kind of work you do. It'd be a great buy. It's the sweet spot between power and portability
I understand what you mean. The E46 was really about the engine, the E92 was more civilized. The new one I think they're ugly ... I prefer the M4, it's a great car inside as it is on the outside and it has a great engine. The interior of this Alfa is nice, but I don't like how they are on the outside with tar triangular grill
You have a good excuse :D I was thinking that ! In that case you have to check if your tweaks are working in the latest firmware.
I agree with you, the end was a bit off the the rest of it was absolutely TopGear! Jeremy wears a tie and says he is not an old truck driver with egg on his shirt and Hammond arrives with egg on his shirt. The modifications to the truck "sports lorry". It was a normal special with a lot of laughs
8.4 is the last version, all the tweaks will be updated (hopefully) to 8.4. It brings a new music app. If you want to update you'll have to backup your device and then restore it
Ahah, it's a possibility since no one knows
Everything we know about life it's based on our planet. To think beyond earth it's quite a challenge
7.0 ? Oh lord ! It's better to restore. I had issues jailbreaking 8.4 as I updated from 8.3. I restored  and had no issues