Cast Iron Pizza From Scratch
It's not unplayable. I had a ton of fun playing with a friend last night. Sorry that you don't feel as though you can participate in alpha access anymore :(
Relevant Text:    "So as anyone who has watched the Vi champ spotlight may know, Vi was originally intended to be a top laner.   She's got a lot of cool gameplay in top lane with the Q charge up and E cleave but, honestly, she's just too fair up there for too long compared to our current crop of top laners. In the early game she has meaningful mana costs, telegraphed attacks, and massive cooldown windows for her passive and all of her spells (P - 18, Q - 18, E - 14 per charge, R- 150). I actually think top lane Vi could be a pretty awesome experience for both sides of the lane if we did stuff like lower her CD's or buff E's range and mana cost but then jungle Vi would go to crazy town. Could nerf jungle Vi to compensate but then are we screwing over the many Vi mains who prefer her out-of-lane experience? It's a tough call.  All this said, SmashGizmo got diamond last season almost exclusively with top lane Vi. He'd typically play conservative until 6 focusing only on CS and rush an Iceborn Gauntlet for the extended dueling power and mana to offset her high costs. Turns out if a Vi manages to stay even until 6 there is not a single character up there (not even Irelia or Jax) who can beat her in a straight up 1v1. Her burst and sustained damage output is insane when she gets the chance to use it and her late game with top lane items is monstrous for the enemy teams' squishies (or at least it was in season 3, a lot has changed since then)."
This was how I felt the entire last week when I was reading Words of Radiance.
This might be off topic, but sometimes it is what someone doesn't say that hurts the most. For example, when someone that you care about a lot (and has told you that the feelings are mutual) hurts you in a way that you would not expect from them, a lot of times a simple recognition of the fact that they fucked up would be enough for closure. The lack of this can lead you to question everything leading up to this point, and whether they ever cared about to at all (or enough to avoid hurting your feelings).
Nah. I don't think enough people will notice to care. To me, they look pretty stylish for being video game themed.
Downtown is great, but I have lived in Merriman Valley for 3 years in love it. Great bars, close proximity to downtown(5-10 min), state parks, etc. Like somebody else said though, don't live in Timbertop. Try Pheasant Run or Hampton Knoll.
I feel almost exactly the same. Sure there are some things I didn't like about the ending, but that is life. My big thing, which looks to be getting addressed, was the lack of closure. Add in some free DLC for someone who very much likes the multiplayer, and I give Bioware/EA a "thumbs up".  Keep in mind though, I still plan on thoroughly vetting Bioware's next release before I buy. No more preordering every game like I did with DA2 and ME3. To be honest, I still think Dragon Age 2 and EA "pimping out" the Bioware brand gets to me more than ME3 ever did.
Yes, it is my say, because it's my opinion. Just because you are allowed to ask for you money back doesn't make it the thing to do. I am going to take my box of Raisin Bran back to the store because there wasn't enough raisins in by last bowl of cereal. If I bitch enough, maybe they'll give me my money back. That doesn't make me any less of an asshole though.
I am not telling you do anything, and I definitely do not agree with incorporating any personal beliefs or opinions into education/politics. What I am saying is that I accept the fact that people have different beliefs than I do, and I don't belittle them for it.   Personally I think it is ridiculous that so many people allow their own personal beliefs to influence their decision making in regards to politics/policymaking. The fact that people like Rick Santorum can potentially become the President of the United States of America shows that we are still a long way away from achieving that kind of separation of not only church and state, but personal/moral beliefs and state.
Please tell me there is a 1900x1200 res around here somewhere...
I imagine it's pronounced, "Joe-lynn". If so, it's not that big of a deal.   EDIT: Spelling
Ron Paul definitely believes in a creator, and in that sense he does believe in creationism. However, what he (and, originally, you) is arguing is the theory of evolution which specifies how we as human beings came to be and not necessarily who created us.
I am going to go against the grain and say Ned Stark would make an amazing King. Ask yourself where we would be today in the world of Westeros if Ned was king instead of Robert. The kingdom would not be in debt, no bastard children, the people would be well taken care of and justice would be handled properly. I also don't see treachery getting as close to Ned as it did Robert, as the latter made increasingly bad decisions over the course of years (as king, and with his wife) to end up in the situation that he was in.
[For if the IGN link doesn't work...](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQH3_Fydt-4)
Yeah, I just watched it last night. Thought it was a pretty good movie.