I am one of those people who paint by priming black, and drybrushing with white.   I've done white with black wash on top, and it has some good and bad things. First of all, the end result ends up looking almost exactly the same. However, you can use washes other than black, and you can get a much brighter miniature, so that's a plus. However, I can never seem to have good luck with white primer. It always ends up chalky, or needs several coats for good coverage, or whatever. Also, you have to work a lot harder to get into the cracks and crevices (basically working hard twice, instead of once). I'm also a fan of the black-lining style of painting, so priming black is kind of a no-brainer.  If you really want, I can try to get some pictures of some from both.  Keep in mind, though, I'm a shit painter, and my goal is tabletop quality, not award winning.
I don't think anyone actually read your post, mate.  Here's some of mine:  [Never Split the Party](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=waa2ucfgVgQ)  [Critical Hit Song](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fA0erM_B3CA)
I'm just here to second recommendations for anything Cypher System related, like [Numenera](http://www.numenera.com/), [The Strange](http://thestrangerpg.com/), or even the upcoming generic [Cypher System](http://www.montecookgames.com/store/product/cypher-system-rulebook/) book.
For me, IKRPG was the D D4e I was hoping for. It does everything that 4e did that was any good (like fixing the power curve of fighters/spellcasters), and fixed the problems of 3.5 that 4e didn't (like long tedious combats). It also fixed a problem I didn't know was a problem, which was getting rid of the grid. Playing without a grid is so much better for me than playing with one. Without one, movement gets to be so much more fluid, and people tend to be more creative in how their character interacts with the terrain. It also has a bit of bounded accuracy and every bonus you get really matters. It deals with the swinginess of the d20 by using 2d6 instead. IKRPG *is* like a wargame, in the best ways possible. It's my go-to game for crunchy games.  I do like D D5e, too. It's really what D D should be, in my opinion. I don't really play it much though.
It's mostly just about communication with my players.   Here's an example:  I had a noblewoman who was secretly a dragon in disguise. One of the players thought he'd try his hand at getting information from her, and I warned him that she was a very powerful and dangerous person, whose enemies have a tendency to just "disappear", and she's likely to see through any kind of attempt at manipulation. He ignored the warning, made a terrible attempt at subtlety (neither he, nor his character was any good at it), and then, tried to get her to sleep with him. I warned him, the other players warned him, and he still made the decision to go with her to her room. He died.  Even though he didn't know she was a dragon (until it was too late), I still gave him plenty of warning that what he was doing was ridiculously dangerous, and would likely result in his death.  Now, if I want to surprise my players, and keep things from them, I always give them an out. If they have no inkling that something is going to be dangerous, death is off the table, and I design the encounter that way.   Imagine playing a video game, that doesn't have the option to save, and you've been carefully playing your character for countless hours, and all of a sudden, you walk into a place that gives every indication of being safe, but because of something hidden, you die. You'd probably feel cheated, all that work, and the game designer sucker punched you, making you either start over, or give up entirely. It sucks, and it's pretty much never a good idea.
Yeah, Cephalyx is really even more limited than they are. Until this brand new book they've had only one warnoun, whereas both the Minion contracts have several.  I wouldn't even care if the lists were terrible as long as they keep with this ~50% off retail pricing.  Hell, I have enormous amounts of pirates and dwarves, and if they do more Merc contracts I'm probably going to buy them anyway.
Other people nailed it. I think someone who knows what they are doing is going to do what they do most of the time, and rarely have it be spectacularly bad or good. With a single die system, and especially a large die like a d20, whether you are good at something almost never comes up; it's mostly whether or not you were lucky.  Now, for some games I actually like the crazy swingy die of death (like in Paranoia), but for a serious long term campaign, 2d6 lets players feel like they are more in control of their own fate, but there is still some luck going on to spice things up.
Give them out as party favors at birthday parties.
Thanks.   I'm super excited. It looks amazing (I've been watching all the play through videos I can find), and I can't wait to try it out.
Honestly, it's the same game. It's really down to whether you want to be humans and warcasters with warjacks, or whether you want to be trolls and warlocks with warbeasts.  There is a [really great starter kit](http://privateerpress.com/iron-kingdoms/core-products/iron-kingdoms-unleashed-adventure-kit) for Unleashed though, so that might be a decent place to start.
I understand what you are saying, but only barely. Your post is a mess, and you keep going back and forth talking about mechanics and story.  Even if you are just playing one game, then switching to a completely different game, it still probably won't work. If your players aren't familiar with the systems you are using, they aren't going to be able to have much fun, as soon as they figure out how the system works, you'll be changing to a different one. Not only that, but you had better be planning on providing pre-mades, since you'll need different character stats for each game, and character creation eats up a lot of time. Time that will be wasted, since they won't even be using those stats for long.   Even if all your players are already familiar with all the systems you are using, and you've already got premades ready to go, I really doubt too many people are going to enjoy this, no matter what the story is.   I actually think combining the best parts of several systems into one game is a better idea than this one.
Hah, I don't even have my players keep track of equipment.   If it's likely that they have it, they have it. If I think them not having something they would normally have would make things more interesting, I offer them a bonus point (xp, feat, fate, w/e) for them to not have it. If it's something they aren't all that likely to have, they either don't have it, or they can give up a point (xp, feat, fate, w/e) to have it.  I just made equipment fun and easy for any system in three sentences. You are welcome, World.  *edited because I left out half a sentence.
Yep, that's pretty crunchy.   What you can do, is play a one-shot in Fate, or AW/DW. Then when you go to Traveller, it'll feel plenty crunchy.  Fate is absolutely not crunchy enough for me. Every time I've played it, I've disliked it. However, I use the rules from Fate to lighten up more crunchy games, and I actually love some of the concepts in it.  If you are looking for crunchy, I highly recommend Iron Kingdoms RPG, or any of the Warhammer40k Roleplay games (my favorite is Rogue Trader, but it's definitely not everyone's favorite). Rogue Trader could actually probably serve you pretty well for whatever you were planning to do with Traveller, too.
I'm going to second Iron Kingdoms. It can handle extremely tactical combat, and has probably the fastest combats of the rules heavy games out there.   You can check it out for free [here](http://files.privateerpress.com/ironkingdoms/documents/adventures/IKRPG_Scenario_Fools_Rush_In.pdf) and [here](http://www.drivethrurpg.com/product/146332/Iron-Kingdoms-Unleashed-An-Introduction-to-Savagery).   It's by far my favorite non-narrative style combat system.
[This is a great idea. I'm so glad I thought of it.](http://i.imgur.com/snLplqq.jpg)
The United States commits evil acts all the time, and is the victor. Just because you win doesn't mean you get to change the nature of what evil is.  If I murder everyone in the world, is it not evil, since there is no one left to say otherwise?  Even after human beings go extinct, the evil that has been done, whether known by all or by none, will still be evil.