Be more dog - Korin the cat sits for bacon
Well its something you would do really isn't it! Silly girl and her silliness.
Woman, you're clumsy.
Just a short video of a tornado in Port Talbot - Wales, Nothing spectacular but the only video of a tornado in this area i've ever seen. No amount of web searching came up with anything else!
Well thats the thing, i spoke to Danny in March and he denied anything, spoke to Robert in May he confirmed, spoke to Norman and Chris in October they both confirmed and finally spoke to Craig in November and he also confirmed. But when i spoke to Robert and queried why Danny said no, he stated that back then they weren't allowed to confirm but since then they have all been told they can say it's happening.  Spoke to all of them in one year, was pretty proud of that!
no probs velixie, love it
Dance Across Red Dwarf - Compilation Video
Thanks for your reply mate. Yeah I understand these problems are a crux for local electrcians to deal with. Specially with how the housing market is at the moment. I have offered my services for free as well as well under a labourers daily fee and still no luck. My situation is kind of unique as well I'm not qualifying to become an electrician so to speak but to be qualified to do set lighting for the film industry which requires you to be a qualified spark. Just kind of frustrating is all!
We all learn the hard way how to court the females of the species. Sound's to me like this girl was up herself somewhat. But I digress, feel for you man.
Doesn't make sense, but ok :)
Seriously? That tax system is insane. And here we are in the UK with our 10,000 tax free allowance and we still complain.....
That is hilarious dude. I've seen that movie twas pretty bad, but if she's who I think she is she wasn't so bad. Glad you got away with it all. What did they expect from you!
Not sure on this but I think like 99% of deaf people learn to lip read pretty damn well. Sounds like she was trolling you. Unless she was looking away from you through the entire situation which you said she wasn't. To be honest a badge reading I'm deaf does not prepare you for how to deal with the situation and that persons employers should be taking more steps to avoid this kind of thing. Totally not your fault. Although a little less laughing could have been avoided perhaps..... p.s. I'm from wales too woop.
Lol no witch hunting and you post his stream. Think that's kinda the same thing, but hey helps us see who it is! This is all over reddit at the mo as well nothing new :( exploits galore lately...
Quality assurance tester.
I main ww and I use the exact same path and always hit 6 at around the 7 minute mark. I've tried the other routes but find the one you use the most efficient due to his sustain and lack of need to clear both buffs quickly. The only time I will deviate is if I fear being invaded at either buffs.  Also another quick note if you don't already do this is to start with a pink and save your 50 remaining gold for your first back don't waste it on a hp pot at the start its really not needed on ww.