1. If you want to climb up your grammar and English language pedestal, learn how to spell and use proper grammar.   2. You are correct, being an asshole and reading have nothing to do with each other. However, as I initially said, it's fairly obvious what OP was trying to say, without going out of your way to be a dick and take the sentence as literally as possible using his poor grammar.   3. Even with OP's poor title, there is absolutely nothing that would imply causation of Shaggy being Arab-American "BECAUSE" the guy who voiced him was Arab-American. Literally nothing.   4. Again, sorry for "you" education.
Just finished All The Light We Cannot See...one of the most beautiful works I've read in quite some time.   I thought Doerr's writing was some of the richest and beautiful prose I've come across. His descriptions of geographical settings, or especially the feelings/emotions/thoughts of his characters were astounding. I loved the long, detailed, textured, rich descriptions amid the quick, staccato chapters and asymmetrical timeline. The immensity for which I ended up caring about all these characters, whether minor or major left me not wanting the book to be over. Can't say enough good things about this novel.
I know this game gets a ton of love here, but it just falls flat with me. I bought it while aboard the hype train after its initial release, and have played it about 10 times since. The first couple plays were fun, but then it just never progressed. My biggest issue is that I never get a real sense of completion. The castles seem small at the end, and there tends to be AP by the master-builder which stagnates the game at times. Each play, I'm just underwhelmed after.
If you have a problem taking sound advice from someone that either 1. ignores it themselves or 2. learned from their past mistakes, you're going to have a real hard time in life because you will run into a lot of those people.    You want to make fun of your mom for not working hard and use that as a reason to not work hard yourself? And you think that's not idiotic? Fast forward twenty years and your kid will be thinking the same exact thing as you are.
[OP](http://i.imgur.com/q0QKmzJ.jpg)
This isn't WTF. This is actually helpful information, albeit posed in a very dramatic manner. I've worked for NPO's focused on aid to impoverished and homeless, and done volunteer work for like organizations in my city. Do NOT give cash. The vast majority of the chronically homeless have mental disorders and substance abuse issues. Maybe they do want food, but when they walk into the 7-11 with your $5, you're damn right they'll see those 40's and buy a couple instead. If you want to do something right there for them, go into the nearest convenient store and buy them a hot meal or hot cocoa. Or find a local organization and volunteer or donate to them. and if you want to make sure the charity you're donating to is worthwhile, visit www.charitywatch.com, www.charitynavigator.com or www.givewell.com.   Edit: I'm not sure if a lot of these responses saying 'homeless guy said fuck off or threw my food away when I offered' are trying to prove my point or argue against me. You are allowed to talk to them, and ask if they would like food and if so, what they can eat (being aware of allergies). If they say fuck off or no, then just keep on moving, they were only looking for free drugs/alcohol anyway.   ....   and thanks for the gold anonymous stranger!
I live in Buffalo, NY so I have some insight. Buffalo has an insane amount of infrastructure to prepare for winter conditions. The city and each surrounding town has an incredible number of plows and salt storehouses. They can clear highways and main roads in no time. 2 feet of snow on a Tuesday night? Bet your ass you're going to school on Wednesday morning.   Other cities just don't have the infrastructure for it and, just as devastatingly, people don't know how to drive in the conditions, which clog up roads so those few plows that do exist can't get through. It basically comes to cost for these cities: is it worth it to purchase millions of dollars of plows, storehouses, salt stock and pay workers for the 1 storm a year or every few years? Generally, no
Yea, I've heard it balances it out. I'll have to tell my friend to pick it up.
Did everyone watch this team last year? Can we all remember for a second how putrid this offense was? With Gattis on it. 2nd fewest runs in baseball and roughly 87345763 strikeouts. Gattis' platoon splits are not good, his defense is terrible, and he was a great story that mashed home runs versus lefties with ease. It was magical 2 years ago when he hit all those game-tying and go ahead homers. Magical. But let's not kid ourselves. This isn't trading Gretzky in his prime. It's trading a home run specialist, whose main position is the same as your top prospect, in a time where you need to juice up the farm system. It's a win for the Braves.
My first thought was like some sort of murphy bed cabinet hybrid. I couldn't really find an image to back it up though. Or maybe just something more straightforward like [this](http://cdn2.hubspot.net/hub/29035/file-27822948-jpg/images/beaded-shaker-side-tilt-opening-dsr.jpg?t=1420219707322)?   Good luck on your tiny home! I think that's awesome! And if you can't keep any games I'd be more than happy to take some off your hands :) Maybe even give ya some money for them if you really need!
My only tip would be to all play as humans. Keeps everything even throughout the players and lets you get the understanding of the game. and ass /u/Show-Me-Your-Moves said, don't add house rules before you play the game. I've played lots of Eclipse and have never removed missiles and it's not a big deal. Sometimes someone gets missiles early, sometimes they come out real late. Sometimes someone gets a bunch of awesome discovery tiles and you don't. Things balance out during the game and each game unfolds differently.
Not sure if OP is old enough to make comment about boobs, soooo...good luck on your future endeavors. Sincerely, sayoshinn.
I'm as confused as you are. [This is the only sale I see](http://www.coolstuffinc.com/page/1175)
It's an oldie, but this never fails to make me laugh.
BrettspielWelt connection   So I have the client downloaded for brettspielwelt and a decent amount of the time I'll have serious lag. It'll be someone's turn and then just nothing happens...no turns are made, I can't click anything, I can't type a message and there is nothing wrong with my internet connection. Has anyone else experienced this? Any solutions?
[WSIG] Agricola, Stone Age, Small World   My friends and I love the German style strategy games and have played a ton of settlers, Puerto Rico, Dominion, 7 Wonders and eclipse (played for the first time a few days ago and loved it). Now it's pretty much my overdue turn to contribute a game and by and large everything I've read for these three games are all positive reviews. I'd like to find a balance of complex, randomness to encourage replayability, and something that doesn't take crazy long like an Eclipse or Through The Ages. Just looking for basic pros and cons, personal experiences with the games, and what not. Thanks!