An unpatched security flaw in Adobe Flash, discovered then kept secret by Italian cyber-surveillance firm Hacking Team, is now being used by malware developers to hack victims computers following the leak of over 400GB of data from the companys servers
To make its prototype augmented-reality goggles a product, Magic Leap will have to scale up silicon photonicssomething heavyweights like Intel have struggled to do
My SO is having a stoma reversal on Monday - any advice/tips?   I'd love to hear any advice about what he can expect and what I can do to help  Edit: Thanks so much for all the response and advice, it is really appreciated. Sorry for the slow response - it's been a crazy few days. His surgery went great, so now its onto the recovery process!
Check out the bar/restaurant [Solar](http://www.solarberlin.com/en/) - its hidden away off the main road (you have to access it through the car park next to a carpet shop)  and doesn't look like much from the outside, but once you go in you go on a glass elevator up the side of the building to the top and its really awesome. Amazing city views, cool interior and great food. A bit expensive but totally worth it.
I would also like to know if anyone has tried it, but bear in mind this is not the full internet - it's a broadcast selection of articles and bits and pieces, so it won't be a replacement for a dastardly service provider.
IDEO Envisions the Future of Self-Driving Cars
I don't care if you landed a spacecraft on a comet, your shirt is sexist and ostracizing
There's been a lot of negativity about this technology, but at the end of the day it has got to be being built, which is a lot more than can be said for a lot of environmentally friendly tech. It will be really interesting to see how it works in reality.
I believe [this is the article](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-11-04/scientists-reverse-ageing-process-in-mice/5865714) you were looking for - you're correct about it being the muscles:  "We've discovered genes that control how the body fights against ageing and these genes, if you turn them on just the right way, they can have very powerful effects, even reversing ageing - at least in mice so far," he said. "We fed them a molecule that's called NMN and this reversed ageing completely within just a week of treatment in the muscle, and now we're looking to reverse all aspects of ageing if possible."
Cost-wise, it really depends on where you are - the price of land is they key deciding factor in how much it will cost to grow food in natural sunlight.  What kind of scale are you thinking about? Philips are leading the way in the tech for this sort of thing, so it might be worth [checking out their site](http://www.lighting.philips.com/main/application_areas/horticultural/cityfarming.wpd) for prices etc.
Don't worry, just try out things that sound like they might suit you and use those experiences to help you think further about it - there is no deadline to deciding and nothing to stop you switching careers later if you decide what you're doing isn't for you.   This notion that you have to pick now and be stuck with it is outdated at best - people will certainly ask you what you want to do, but there is nothing wrong with not having a simple answer. (If you listen to the folks at /r/futurology you stand a good chance of living to 200, so its not like you're short on time to decide!)
I think there will certainly be a market for this (assuming it was possible - presumably these meats would be much harder to develop), but I expect it will always be a fraction of the main market - novelty and speciality food that people have at dinner parties or in hipster noodle bars, but not the sort of thing you'd eat at home during the day.   But who knows, maybe there will be a food craze for synthetic dodo meat? It's a fascinating prospect.
Drones Will Transform Sports PhotographyOnce the FAA Gets Out of the Way
Can a robot learn right from wrong? Attempts to imbue robots, self-driving cars and military machines with a sense of ethics reveal just how hard this is
No one game - just the fact that every game previewed looked awesome, even the (very few) that wouldn't normally be my thing. I'd been thinking about if for a long time, but that was when I realised I had to go for it.
Mine actually sticks out of my bag (although I do have a small bag) when I take it to work.  I think it could make much larger screens more portable, though, so that would be cool