I enjoyed the movie. I was entertained. It was better than 2/3 but that was something that bothered me greatly. I mean he was a sub character, but prominent enough that I noticed the omission.    I have to say, the saddest death was watching that Assistant get taken away by the dino bird, then eaten by the water monster with the bird. She was eaten whole so you have to imagine she was alive while being in the stomach of that thing for probably 2-4 minutes before drowning.
Oh well.
[Well it sounds like this probably](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cun-LZvOTdw)
What? lol. I was being sarcastic. I was saying "Good job for looking for for all the misspellings out there [on reddit]. I upvoted you for it, buddy. It is hard work fixing everyone's grammar these days."   Most people can spot whether a word should be plural or singular. I was making fun of you for pointing it out. I do not need to go to school for grammar, I teach it. I'm also not a stickler about it in unprofessional settings when I know what the person meant.
Pls OP.
420,938
I didn't have an awful home life but I did take a good amount of abuse (physical and emotional) from my parents when I was younger.  This statement makes no sense. "I did not have an awful home life, but was emotionally and physically abused"   You understand why these statements are contradictory right?  Also,   1. Where did you stay in Cali?   2. How old are you now?   3. How did you get the money to get there?
415,486  B
Well, why don't they just make it so it doesn't have to be random every time? lol That way I could play with my friend. And not be against him.   Okay. I give up. I love this game. But that is the 5th time in 9 games someone has DCed. I also got DCed twice, and I've checked my ISP, I have very fast internet and the only thing I'm using it for is this game.
414,627  Bucky
413,524
412,948
No. I do not. I was unaware you had to do that.
'
TIFU by not honoring the 10 second food rule   I saw a cool ranch Doritos chip laying on the ground near my dinner table, must have been dropped on the ground when I had a snack several hours earlier in the day. I ate it. It tasted like cat urine, because my cat had urinated on it.   Surprisingly, cat urine tastes a lot like cool ranch Doritos, the aftertaste on my breath at least. My own fault. I knew my cat was looking to get back at me for giving him a bath a week ago, I just didn't know this would be his plan. The feud lives on Brian.    TL;DR: Ate chip soaked in cat urine.
[WP] As a young kitten in a litter of eight you were sold off to slavers who gave you no pets, let you fend for table scraps, and had no windows in their house. You stayed in a dark, cold room most of the time until a smaller slaver wanted to "play."