What Ive Learned About Government, Big Banks And Consumerism | "The moment you step outside the way people are supposed to work in the U.S.  either because that model doesnt work for you or because youve lost a traditional job  you get cut off from the countrys support systems."
What a cast of characters: Pitts and McCulloch, Bertrand Russell, Norbert Wiener, John von Neumann.  Of Pitts and McCulloch the article says: Thanks to their work, there was a moment in history when neuroscience, psychiatry, computer science, mathematical logic, and artificial intelligence were all one thing, following an idea first glimpsed by Leibniz--that man, machine, number, and mind all use information as a universal currency.
YSK that insulting someone you're arguing with is not only impolite, it's counterproductive, unless you have no interest in changing their view. See link in comments.   Worth reading:  [How to Criticize with Kindness: Philosopher Daniel Dennett on the Four Steps to Arguing Intelligently](http://www.brainpickings.org/2014/03/28/daniel-dennett-rapoport-rules-criticism/)  How to compose a successful critical commentary:   You should attempt to re-express your targets position so clearly, vividly, and fairly that your target says, Thanks, I wish Id thought of putting it that way.   You should list any points of agreement (especially if they are not matters of general or widespread agreement).   You should mention anything you have learned from your target.   Only then are you permitted to say so much as a word of rebuttal or criticism.
And 'Rithmetic | "Because everyone knows that the subject matter itself isn't that hard. What's hard, virtually impossible, is beating it into the heads of youngsters who hate every step. Give me a kid who wants to learn the stuff -- well, twenty hours or so makes sense."
Beyond the Minimum Wage: Whats Really Keeping Hourly Workers in Poverty? | "These low-quality jobs also impact the broader community because employers shift costsparticularly for health care for their workersto our already overburdened public systems."
Using 'we' when the person included in the 'we' is not there   For example, I leave my wife in our room and go to the hotel desk where I say 'We need such-and-such."  There are regional and cultural differences in using the singular or plural in such cases but I also suspect that different languages may be more inclined to use one or the other.  Is this true?  What is this phenomenon called so I could research it?
2-Year-Olds Convert Binary To Hexadecimals In Game Experiment   Are you smarter than a 2-year-old?  Check out this game -- [Flippy Bit](http://www.flippybitandtheattackofthehexadecimalsfrombase16.com/).
That didn't come out at all the way I meant and I'm really sorry about that.  I took your post and split it into 8 paragraphs, as I should have done first, and read it carefully.  What a moving account!  And the way you arranged your give-away at your wedding was brilliant and a gift to both men, yourself and all the guests.  And no way was your post too long.  Thank you for every word.
Corralling the Loners | The truth is that, no matter how shocking or heinous a given crime, the perpetrator is one of us, and intelligent social policy cannot begin until we acknowledge this.
Lies, Damn Lies and LIBOR | We need to rethink as a society what banks are for, what exchanges are for, and what clearing houses are for. If they are for the profit of the few at the expense of the many now, that is because it is the business model we have permitted.
From the article:  If we think of the tax code as a set of incentives, rather than simply a mechanism to redistribute income, there are creative and effective ways to moderate the extremes of wealth, boost the pay of ordinary workers, make American companies more stable and efficient, and reduce the long-term federal budget deficit.  An astonishing contributor to inequality, then, is corporate bosses taking a larger share of the companys revenue for themselves.  Because current CEO pay numbers are so far out of the ordinary, its hard to argue that they are a natural outcome of the market.  Its difficult to estimate what combination of approaches will prevail, but whatever happens, it will be bring broad benefits to society as a whole, far outweighing the impact on the federal budget.
Fine if that's what you want to do.  Sometimes it's nice to find out what's you can make with what's on hand.
The Republicans have done their best to make this election about fear and hate. That is their brand of sand.  Democrats are cooperating nicely, by refusing to engage in a values debate.  The only question is, why?  For many people the answer is simple: voters don't really have a choice; the political process is nothing more than a Kabuki dance in which both sides represent corporate America and the uber-rich, while playing their respective roles in public.  That answer is a self-fulfilling prophecy. Believing it makes it so.  But even if it's true, we, the people are the only power capable of changing that reality. We can start by refusing to drink the sand.
click on a file, F2, copy file extension, ALT+Tab to notepad, click at the end of line 1, paste, ALT+Tab to Explorer, click on next file... I'ts way too much time wasted.   For that specific issue, try [Filegrab](http://www.pcmag.com/article2/0,2817,5752,00.asp).
Another single-Xer here, moved to respond by the flurry of thoughts and feelings triggered by your post and all the comments.   There is something of value in all the comments and I'm heartened by all the good advice.  The basic issues seem to me to be related to how to be in the world, and they apply to all of us, of whatever age or gender.  I don't mean to denigrate the advice about makeup and clothes -- it's good advice and may be more accessible than 'deeper' issues.    Even though you don't want to move in with your dad, I hope you can find a way to use your relationship with him as a source of strength.  And I suggest that it's helpful to remember that however misguided your mother is, she loves you and mostly intends what she says to be for what she thinks is good for you.  And you can love her back, this deeply flawed woman, without succumbing to her warped views.  Make no mistake, though, Qeraeth is right in characterizing this as emotional abuse.  Not many of us grew up without some abuse, but still I think it's better to call it what it is.  The thing to do is to use that knowledge to free yourself from the entanglements.  Detachment doesn't mean separation, just kind of getting unhooked (huge work at your age, but you're up to it).  Stay tight with friends who understand and support you without a lot of judgement.  You don't need to push the others away unless they're really toxic, just don't tune yourself to their opinions.  This sub-reddit looks like it could be a valuable resource for you.  Use what works and don't let the rest slow you down.  Bless you.
Accidentally, but relentlessly, America has built a health-care system with incentives that inexorably generate terrible and perverse results. Incentives that emphasize health care over any other aspect of health and well-being. That emphasize treatment over prevention. That disguise true costs. That favor complexity, and discourage transparent competition based on price or quality. That result in a generational pyramid scheme rather than sustainable financing. And thatmost importantremove consumers from our irreplaceable role as the ultimate ensurer of value.