Yes.
Thanks so much!
That sucks. When I was teenager, my hair was a big part of my identity and, as I slowly lose it, I feel a real loss of control over my body. It's not vanity, it's just a sense you can't make decision about how you look.  I can't imagine what it feels likes at your age.  If you've still got eyebrows etc. I would consider growing a beard. All my female friends agree that that look is fucking hot.   If that's not an option, I'd look a various hat options but I would try and avoid making it look like you're trying to hide it.   Depending on your head shape, have a look at glasses as an option to break up your face.
It's also contributes the myth of the hyper sexualised pre-teen who 'tricks' the older man.   It's the same story told in Lolita and, to a lesser extent, American Beauty.  (although, in American Beauty, he realises she is a child before it is too late.)  It's a defense used by pedophiles the world over.
I never said the movie wasn't any good! It always though it was a brilliant piece of satire.  I'm sure the redpill and MRA douchnozzles are trying their darnedest to find some sense of male identity. But, like so many douchenozzles before them they are doing so by creating an imaginary enemy.   In my day, you just jerked off and played Doom until three in the morning. But these pricks, that's some tyler durden level delusion.   EDIT: Never mind. Had a look at your profile. I didn't realise how deep down the rabbit hole you were. I hope you find some peace in the world and work through your problems without hurting too many people along the way. All best.
Technically, there was never a proper Turing Test.  The tester is supposed to know that there is 50/50 chance they are talking to a machine and be fooled.   Caleb always knows she is a machine and so it could never be such a test.
1999.  We had Fight Club, American Beauty and The Matrix but, while fantastic, none of those films are particularly ground breaking.   The year was also packed full of films by filmmakers who had done better. Phantom Menace, Eyes Wide Shut, The Spy Who Shagged Me, Tarzan, The World Is Not Enough, Notting Hill....  1999 was a year for playing it safe, limping to end of the lackluster nineties.  Also, Wild Wild West.
That's right! I'll just walk over to the ticket machine here on the tram...oh it's gone. That's OK, I'll just get one at the next stop...not there either.   If someone lives nowhere near a 7/11 or a train station, they can not use public transport.   And even if you carry a fully topped up card with you at all times, the machines STILL will often not scan properly and, unless you go to extraordinary measures, you have no way to prove it.  http://www.theage.com.au/victoria/court-in-the-act--how-commuters-are-defeating-myki-fines-20140930-10nz6z.html
[website] I've been playing with Wix to design a new website for an educational school show I do. Love some feedback   http://info39438.wix.com/the-bad-science-show  (be gentle :) )
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B-5OABcNfX0
**1.Layer Cake (2003)**  2.Mixed Nuts (1994)  3.Chocalat (1999)  4.Milk (2008)  5.Sugar   Spice (2001)  6.Butter (2011)  7.Stir Crazy (1980)  8.Half Baked (1997)  9.Some Like It Hot (1959)  10.You Got Served (2004)
*that's  Details. :)
Heath Ledger slowly opens his eyes surrounded by machines and chemicals.  "What happened?"   "Mr Ledger. You've been dead for fives years." says the scientist. "But, with the latest technology, we've been able to cheat death itself and raise you, like Lazarus, from your grave. We don't have long though. The process is only temporary."  "Oh god! Thank you! I'll have one more chance to hold my daughter. To say a proper goodbye to my family. I'll be able talk to Michelle. I always regretted how things ended between us. Thank you for this second chance!"  "I'm sorry Mr Ledger. There isn't much time and we need you to make another Batman movie."
Snowtown
What is the saddest piece of movie trivia you know?   I read this today on the IMDB page of Rochelle Davis, the 14 year old girl who played Sarah in the The Crow. It broke my heart.  *After the death of Brandon Lee on the set of The Crow, she had to return to the set in order to film the scene in which Eric Draven says "Sarah, I do care." with a body double in the character of Draven, but did not appear in another film until 2009.*
Free Comedy. Must hate Today Tonight.    FREE COMEDY and AMA.  In October, I'm premiring a brand spanking new show at Melbourne Fringe.  It's a stand up comedy show about the time I appeared on Today Tonight, meeting Naomi Robson and getting screwed over by the show.   It's called 'Today Tonight, Tomorrow the World'  I'm having a test run of the show on 28 August at The Brunswick Green and I'd really like to get some complete strangers along to laugh at my jokes or throw puppies if you hate it. (please don't throw puppies. It's not their fault I'm not funny)  https://www.facebook.com/events/412320292137593/  If anyone has any other ideas on how to get some people along to check out some free comedy, let me know.  Thanks.   PS - You don't HAVE to hate Today Tonight but it helps.  PPS - Ask me anything about myself, Today Tonight or comedy.  EDIT - I've had 50 people email me at info@conman.com.au to book a seat. However, you might still get a seat if you just show up on the night.  EDIT - If you miss out on the preview, here is the Melbourne Fringe link. http://www.melbournefringe.com.au/fringe-festival/show/today-tonight-tomorrow-the-world/