Organizations dedicated to the promotion of literacy.   What are some organizations dedicated to the promotion of literacy, via book donation, in regions of the world where literacy is scarce?
His book *Ghost In The Wires* is well worth the read. It is both exciting and humorous.
I may be able to have my doctor take a look at them, but I have some moles that need inspection. One is exhibiting a bump on it which is new. The others aren't but I would feel comfortable having them looked at.
Does anyone have recommendations for a dermatologist?   Who is your go-to dermatologist?
I have to agree with /u/1enigma1. It seems reasonable if not also appropriate to reach out to an interviewer to acquire some details as to what caused them not to hire you.
Hello /r/learnpython. What are some recommended texts for learning python that targets engineers/scientists?   Thank you to all who provided some recommendations. I'll look over these and pick one to proceed with!
It is wonderful to see such applicability from a simpler scripting language. Thanks for the informative response!
"Also, dude, chinaman is not the preferred nomenclature. Asian American, please."
Morin's actually looks familiar. I'll pick it up when I can. In the meantime I will look into the complimentary chapters. Many thanks for your recommendations.
Hi /r/Physics! What are the best introductory texts for learning Lagrangian mechanics? Having taken both the first and second semester introductory physics courses I learned only your typical Newtonian mechanics. As a newer reddit user I continue to see references of the use of Lagrangians and Lagrangian mechanics and find it both interesting and seemingly necessary to understand them. What are your favorite texts that really taught you Lagrangian mechanics? I'm aware of Leonard Susskind's The Theoretical Minimum for classical mechanics and will most likely utilize these too. Thanks!
What an absolutely wonderful gift. Excellent photo as well.
Charlotte isn't well known for aerospace. It also doesn't look like there is anything on the horizon to make it so. As others have mentioned, Greensboro is much more exciting and active in this field. Hondajet, Boeing, Lockheed Martin even if I remember correctly.
I was enrolled in Calc II while taking Physics I and ran across no issues that couldn't be handled with a little research. As someone mentioned already, you may run into some integrals and derivatives that could possibly require interesting techniques to accomplish. This is also largely dependent on how your instructor approaches physics I as well as the text they use. For example, Kleppner and Kolenkowl's *An Introduction to Mechanics* would probably require a broader mathematical base in introductory physics. I haven't used this text so if someone here has they may be able to provide a bit more insight on the actual use of such a book in a course. If you happen to know what text you are using this could help us in providing more detailed direction as to what you may need to know. My calc based physics course used *Matter and Interactions* by Ruth Chabay and Bruce Sherwood. Wonderful text for conceptual understanding but not so much for intense mathematical representations of physical ideas. Using this book as a resource will certainly be helpful though.
I assume you ran into some obstacles in getting internships. If this is the case would you mind sharing what made it difficult for you? Perhaps you meant to convey that internships in general are difficult to attain. Thanks for your reply!
This was excellent information. Thanks for your replies. If an experimentalist happens to read this please tell us of your experiences.
Thanks for your response Lars0. I just read today about The Planetary Society utilizing a cubesat for their solar sail deployment. Before I was unaware such a thing existed.