As president, Jeb Bush will cut as many federal workers as possible. This is from his 2003 Florida governor Inaugural address at the Florida state capitol building.   "There would be no greater tribute to our maturity as a society than if we can make these buildings around us empty of workers, silent monuments to the time when government played a larger role than it deserved."  (around the 15 min mark: http://www.c-span.org/video/?174603-1/florida-governor-inaugural-address)
What's interesting about Drudge is that in terms of design and format he is anti-change.   In a time where news orgs are changing designs every two or three years, Drudge keeps his format simple, consistent, so 1990s. And it works.   There's a case to made for consistency. People like it. It's like the Citgo sign at Fenway. It started as a sign; now its an iconic landmark. It's part of the landscape. People love it. It's part of what they identify with, and that's what Drudge is now -- an iconic site that people now read what they want into it: It's conservative, its influential, its .... whatever. You can look at the links and debate those things. But the one indisputable thing about Drudge is its consistency, and it works with readers. That's what news orgs should be thinking about.
- wear comfortable shoes, and minimize what you must carry. It's physically taxing.  - pack extra cell phone batteries - monday press conference seating is limited; lines are long and form, in some cases, 1+ hour in advance - ditto for conference sessions - do as much work as you can in advance
Connecticuts Disappearing Middle Class
It's not fine. The Financial Times, an economic and business journal, carried the story on its front page, but with a global angle.    The WSJ opinion pages are anti-climate change. The lack of coverage in the WSJ print edition may be a consequence of its strident editorial page policy. I think it's affecting and clouding news judgment.   The protest could have been a jumping off point for a more introspective piece targeted to WSJ readers, such as: How much will climate matter in the mid-terms?
I'm fine with this posting. Extreme weather anomalies are part of the climate story. And frankly, my guess is that the vast majority of users on this particular subreddit have no questions at all about the science in support human-induced climate change. Most of what's posted here is about the latest science and about how rapidly it is occuring. Extreme weather -- the continual blow-out of records, whether drought, floods or heat, over a relatively short period -- is certainly interesting and relevant.
Enfield needs to become pedestrian and bike friendly   In the 1970s, Enfield centralized all its retail development. The idea, one supposes, was to keep the residential areas residential, quiet, and free of stores. The end result is a community that was designed for cars and not for people. It is not friendly to cyclists and walkers. The problem is apparent in the mall area. There are major intersections with no walk lights or crosswalks. It is difficult to cross in some spots and hazardous. The concept of bike lanes hasn't even registered. This needs to change. I see more adults cycling, or at least trying to. Some may not have cars. Others just want the alternative, but Enfield is utterly blind to the needs of pedestrians and cyclists in the retail areas. I think this would be a good campaign issue, because discussion is needed.  Enfield's approach to planning hasn't changed since the 1970s. (EHS grad 1972), It's time for the town to change.
Your query prompted me to think about the writers of Wall Street Journal's All Things Digital worked under contract. They split from the WSJ and formed http://recode.net/ (Another who started with a personal brand, moved to large outfit and then returned to a personal brand, is http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jim_Romenesko)   There's a whole emerging issue about whether journalists will actually become "brands," and operate as independent contractors with the freedom to move name and brand from pub to pub. I don't know enough about this issue as I would like. But if you have a blog with a following and good brand and you see it as a potential revenue source, then you want to protect yourself. Linking up with a newspaper may accelerate your brand and profile, and help theirs as well, since food bloggers can be very popular and great source of ad revenue.   Personally, I'd want the ability to return my blog and brand if I parted company. I might think differently if they bought out my food blog and coupled that with a contract to write for it. But right now it sounds like you would be migrating without an offer, so you are the one in the stronger position in a sense. If they aren't offering you anything to bring your blog to their platform, it seems entirely reasonably that you should keep the brand. (Will you be giving up ad revenue that you now make on your personal blog?)   The All Things Digital writers, and they left in one big group, weren't able to keep that brand. The WSJ retains it. I don't know how ReCode is doing; maybe it's a rousing success, I just don't know. But having to re-brand seems like a risk.   Congratulations, I must say, for putting yourself in this position to begin with. It's an interesting issue, and the editors must think well of your work to offer.
This belongs here. The story is solid. The OP's write-up is based on something in the piece i.e. "crack squad of fairies," that's a little over-the-top sarcasm.   The Guardian piece is about the poor reading comprehension and lack of scientific understanding in journalism. The idea that there was a hiatus or pause in global warming was never an accurate description of what's going on. That seems to be the major point.
Its been just a few months since I came to Los Angeles from the District of Columbia, and already it is Crystal City clear: L.A. is a downer.  Look no further then Skidrow at 7 a.m. for a pure view into the citys heart and soul. You will pass a dozens and dozens of slumped homeless veterans holding out a McDonalds cup for money.   After committing to pay a senseless amount of money for gas for the day's trip just to dump ever increasing amounts of CO2 into the atmosphere; it's easy going from here, except for the climate-changed induced drought emergency just declared by the governor.   Every morning its the same on the Freeway: people, sitting in their cars, with blank stares and the saddest-looking faces imaginable. Do they wonder about the environment? They are like cattle in a climate denial storm, too self-centered to take mass transit, gazing into space, waiting for their ride to the climate change slaughter house.  A rat creeps across a sidwalk. The dusty cars make a miserable sound as they screech to a stop.  I don't see E.T. anywhere. I am miserable, disappointed. Where are the starlets? Everywhere in Los Angeles you see people in T-Shirts and jeans. I miss D.C.'s civilizing dress code.  The irony runs deep. The capital of American media culture  is in fact, ugly and uninspiring. The imagine of L.A. as a colorful mecca of entertainment is a lie. The citizens who work in the movie and television industry appear to be enduring unspeakable oppression and Oscar snubs.  Please, California people, keep your mouths shut when you visit D.C. Don't write trite op-eds. Instead, keep your eyes fixed on whatever little video screen you can find. And when you return to California, preach the merits of mass transit and car-less living.
That is a great site -- thanks for posting it.
The coop fee seems high. My experience with condo fees is if it's elevator building with 24 hour front desk and any type of common amenities, swimming pool/gym, $500 plus will be the rule. At $900+, even counting for taxes, I'd be wondering whether they added in the cost of an elevator upgrade, or some other really costly repair. And, if that's the case, I'd be wondering whether the building has adequate reserve. If the common areas appear a little rundown (rugs as past their prime, painting hasn't been done, wall paper looks old) think twice about a property. There may be bigger issues lurking, such as roof replacement, HVAC upgrades, etc.   Another issue to note: See if the unit owners are putting off repairs as well. For instance, if the windows are long past their prime, that's a building issue even if the owners are assessed the cost.  It tells you that owners aren't willing to eat the cost of the upgrade. Buildings will usually upgrade windows all at once to keep everything uniform.  After serving on a condo board for a few years, my view is any building that lets common area repair and upgrades slip may be badly run and possibly working with an under-funded reserve. An inadequate reserve can also explain the high cost.
40 and you call yourself a geezer?
No, do what I did and suggest it's about money and getting rid of cars. that will get you down voted to oblivion.
I wish there was a Italian section. I'm no expert, but my understanding was that one time there was a small Italian neighborhood in DC but it was displaced by highway construction. There were some Italian grocery stores, at least one was left, on Connecticut in Dupont, but gone now. Baltimore has an Italian section with great restaurants and bakeries, but I haven't been there for 10 years. ... being from Connecticut, it's one thing I miss.   But the Vietnamese food in this area is exceptional. The Eden Center in Falls Church is great. (not Metro accessible and no help to your question)
It's just amazing that there are bears in the woods.