Its a damn shame really. And if this case is prosecuted properly, he is convicted. In my personal opinion the shoes is the most damning evidence of all, it proves OJ is lying. They simply ignored this aspect and missed the widely obtainable photo.      Its unpopular because he obviously commited the murders and people DV this because of it. But you are right a product of the justice system, a system where the truth is disregarded for who can argue best.
You are an idiot.
For one hes got more playmakers on def. What are you basing "talent" on? Lucks' team stacked with weapons last year. Plus he got beat so bad look like he shouldnt even been there.
Fair points. Although i will point out they were a team, not technically a serial killer, i bring that up not to be snotty but alot of dual person crimes n killing are brought on by encouragement of the other. In some cases the crimes would not have been comitted w/o such. Edited post a bit regardless     Yea erick larsons' book was amazing. I went in reading wanting to know about holmes specifically but caught myself dazzeled with the inner workings of the fair. Also some decent documentaries on youtube about holmes
Every song is great, how can you not mention The ocean, the song remains the same, or threst really. They have some popular songs but its never on any top 100 list and always overshadowed by Zeppelin 2 and untitled.     To me its the best ever, at least top 20 taking in different genres, but if it aint in the top 20 underrated imo.       If you are looking for more obscure, Silvertides' "Show and tell". Great unknown album, sounds like the Black crowes meets Ac/Dc. Aint coming home is an unknown anthem
Right and you still havent made a case for that. "pretty much" every would be more than half, generally speaking, i just dont see how that case was made. When the link you presented has few in one universe a few in another and the rest not even touched on.     I did my fact checking as well but on the vega brother movie im taking facts from a recorded conversation rather then quotes.
Maybe, but tell me that didnt make you laugh? When i hear sterotypes my mind goes to the venomous MD
Thats not really adressing the questions though, forget the title, the 4 questions in the description and your personal take on them
Np
Well said, thanks for touching on all questions.
The devil in the white city, erick larson.     Most people i talk to havent heard of it. Its the most entertaining non fiction work imo. A dual story about americas 1st serial killer and the 1st world fair's main architect. The amount of staples in american culture that came from the fair will astound you and the killers dark tale will shock you.
You are ignoring my point I made in the description.  A reaction would still be made but the ones that are being made now are inmost cases are unacceptable. It is in fact a word, it is not racism in one word.     You act like the word is not constantly used and tolerated in entertainment. If you can hold your teeth in those instances you should be able to do the same when it's used in a different context.     My point about intellectually complex is quite simple. Most racist are not the most brilliant people in the world. So by giving them one word to describe all the pain hurt suffering oppression slavery racism, you are making it easy. They would never find a way to try to bring that kind of hurt on someone if they had to use more than just one word to do the same damAge.
To your point about worship counting, is this, let's say god exist and even though as a non believer you are not sure about the existence of god but worship anyway this would of course be seen as a moral act by god, what would you define this as immoral? wBut again this is a slippery slope and we could both hang on technicalities and interpretations but once you start hanging on mental actions that could not be proven, it can't be proven for me to say the opposite and cancel your argument out. But I don't see a point in that direction, but again if you want to proceed with this in a proven, not directly canceling out, action I'm open to that direction.    You are confusing maturing with evolving. A person can lose their maturity at any given moment, see Donald's trump recent statements. I'm talking about evolving. A collective human evolution has taken place that doesn't go backwards, we are not turning back into apes, same thing with morality. It doesn't go backward it has evolved with time in the same way. As we grow and explore the options I have described and their consequences the good and bad are clearly defined.
We had a long conversation it's just a little unsatisfactory for it to end this way for me when we had a reasonable back and forth and now you won't acknowledge a verb is not always an action, or for that matter the points we left on evolution of morals not degressing. But if that's where you want to end, not being able to prove your points on verbs, or elaborate further, that's fine, but the progress we had at first tempted me to continue what at one time was a reasonable exchange.      Ok, well you are just wrong on worship not being a state of being. Worship happens in your head, it's not an action. But if your right you should be able to use worship as an action. That's the question can you use worship as an action(as opposed to the other meaning of Verb)in a sentence for me?
Im not questioning your faith or the doctrine. Im simply asking do you believe in creationism or evolution and how does adam and eve (original sin) fit into those beliefs?
The prestige, the machine does not work, why do you think differently or agree??   I have watched the film many times, close to twenty. It makes more sense that it doesnt work, really the only thing that makes sense imo. There are clues everywhere in the movie once you grasp the timeline and Angier and Bordens never ending deception (this includes angier's last attempt to fool borden at the very end).      I wont go into specifics here, but will debunk the theories presented in the discussion. Whether you agree or disagree completely let me know what you think.    EDIT: SPOILER ALERTS