Oh yes absolutely. I can absolutely understand his POV. If you were in the same situation as someone I know regarding this you would too.  edit: i am timed response on here so i might not get back to you also leaving house now
OH
Ant-Man set to open big in US. Box-office analysts predict the Marvel brand will be strong enough to propel pint-sized superhero movie to $62m opening weekend.
A study of people born within a year of each other has uncovered a huge gulf in the speed at which their bodies age. The report, in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, found that some of the 38-year-olds were ageing so badly that their "biological age" was on the cusp of retirement.
Well it's unfortunately a fact of being on a default sub where the hivemind (which does exist as we have seen the last few days) latches onto certain things (QT, Nolan, McCon) and basically does not allow any dissenting opinion, no matter how much it is backed up.  This came up yesterday as well. And easily thousands of times before. I even wrote lengthy rants about it in the past  But just ignore the reality and throw in the term 'cute' and maybe that will make it all better.     Sigh.
You haven't answered the only question of a source yet.  When you do that, and then we ignore all the evidence of the close relationship between man and dog, we can continue the discussion.  Do not try and twist things with me.
No you used a gif.    I just think its pretty hilarious given that JW is breaking a lot of money-making records, so I'm sure the studio is SO SAD when you criticize the movie  Shame on some people for wanting to discuss the movie despite its financial success or what the studio thinks, shame.   Also, you editorialized the headline in this post, which is kind of bad form.  No I didn't, that was a result of the suggest title.
I lived in carabanchel (not the prison) and there was two bars near us. One was jammed, chepa, the other had a drunk owner, his wife, much smaller considering the apartments around  Jesus the food  one day cause I was the drunken irish regular TEFL teacher guy they gave me deer stew for free  ridiculous   I know the wages are shit (my ex has a chemistry masters and worked a government job for 600 a month - some people dont get that part) but fuck it was great  walking around, in the heat, looking at stuff, have a beer somewhere, bottles of tequilla in the chino for 5 or 6 quid. crazy   spanish deli opened near me, the guy who runs it lived two metro stops down from me too, world is small
The latest weapon in the fight against cheating on China's all-important college entrance exam is a six-propeller drone. The contraption flew over two testing centers in central China's Henan province to scan for any unusual signals being sent to devices smuggled by students taking the annual test.
The Cinema Isnt a Place; Its An Idea - The new movie-review policy at the Times gives smaller films and online releases a more even playing field. But as the cultural clutter increases, critical judgement is more crucial than ever.
Who killed Alberto Nisman? - In January a high-profile prosecutor was found in a pool of blood in his bathroom, days before he was due to release a report condemning the Argentine government.
With the discovery of the supermassive dinosaur Dreadnoughtus schrani, the most complete skeleton ever found of its type, Drexel University scientists have an unprecedented window into the anatomy and biomechanics of the largest animals to ever walk the Earth.
The Hubble Space Telescope recently spotted a star never-before-seen in the Milky Way, or anywhere else. Scientists believe they're observing a Wolf-Rayet in a never-before-seen (and likely short-lived) transition phase.
Jason Statham: our last action hero - The Rock is too big, Sly Stallone is too old and Steven Seagal looks too much like a sea lion. When you need a man who can chop off a gunmans hand and use it to shoot someone else in the face, theres only one person who fits the bill.
Wayward Pines: M Night Shyamalans venture into the wilderness - A cult novel, a director who went from wunderkind to laughing stock and a timeless leading man: Foxs new drama has the lot.
Hidden necrophilia in Vertigo, glowing milk, an on-set spat with Montgomery Clift  in 1962, Alfred Hitchcock revealed his tricks, and the often shocking meanings behind his films, to fellow director Franois Truffaut. Now their talks have been turned into the revealing film.