Other luminaries include Allan Savory and Mark Shepard. I've seen that Bill Mollison understood most of what these men practice now and Geoff Lawton helps spread news about and teach people.  We can feed the world, but it will mean making farms more labor-intensive. That isn't a bad thing, because done correctly it is healthy and fulfilling work, but people are used to seeing robotic harvesters raoming across the plains scooping up grains. Raising a head of cattle will take much less land and water and almost only the land the herd grazes on will be included in the process. No more taking into consideration the roads between the grains in Iowa and the industrial ranches in Colorado or the water rights in Nevada for the farm in California. With more people on the land those dying midwest towns will liven up, increasing opportunity and prosperity. The deserts of the Southwest can be restored through management by slowing down the water that currently flash-floods away.  How much more valuable would the land we currently till for corn be if it didn't take so many material inputs? How much more affordable would meat and whole food be if it was produced by many more people rather than a few strings of corporate farms?
I can't follow that up. Too damn glorious. Well done.
peoples taxes (majority anyways) are paid through their employer.   Exemptions can be requested... it would probably be rescinded after the first offense. That is why it would have to be coordinated. The government is made to act like it owns our money and lets us keep some. Overloading the system to the point where it will only operate if terribly simplified might be an avenue to correction.  The government is staffed by people and tied together by perception. One perception that keeps it aflaot is the perception that enforcers are doing the right thing (this is important within the ranks of enforcers and in the general citizenry, of course). Since this is usually incorrect at some level, administrators have two options to keep the perception alive. They can either walk back the control or lash out and justify actions later.  With the ranch, the government had made a mistake *somewhere,* so they had to stop the hardball. If I remember correctly, it was with not enforcing the arrangement more formally and immediately. Maybe it flew under the radar for a while before someone noticed - I don't recall. Nobody thinks FBI and LMB agents dieing over scrubland will solve anything.
I see them, too. The place I work is doing civil for some redevelopment. There are big problems in Balt with underground utilities and the concept of re-using existing row home frontage.  The Balt city government did a massive public works project a few decades ago and "upgraded" the city water mains. That is in scare quotes because they used reinforced concrete for pressurized mains. At any given time, there is a major road closure because the pipe has popped. Any redevelopment needs to address this and that means it only makes financial sense to do work an entire block at a time.  When people drive through the empty parts of the city, they see the backs of buildings burnt out and the fronts mostly fine but boarded up. Many of these shells could be refilled with a home. It is a waste of time, though, because of the structure of the blocks. First, there is very little hope for anyone to use these mass-produced buildings for small business. The lot size and access are not there. Second, you would have to get the zoning changed and to do that you would have to get grassroots support. While you are doing that you might as well get an entire new government elected. I've been in those offices and met those people. Plenty are capable and confident, but the private development process is not lean by and stretch or chew. Third, the streets are too wide. Three to four lanes of sometimes considerable car traffic will kill any neighborhood. The frontage needs to be closer and the streetscape needs to put the pedestrian in charge. While you are doing this, you might as well shorten the short side of blocks and add a few northing roads, or make square blocks with courtyards.  Bonus problem: MD RT40 "the highway to nowhere" is a 50ft deep cut that bisected a thriving black community when it was built. The city fell hard after that for various reasons, but since it did not much redevelopment and infrastructure restructuring was completed in the area - leaving the area filled with owners but the need for massive changes.  Bonus problem #2: Flooding and storm drains. the watershed for the streams that run into the harbor are concrete, now, so they flash the water down. The city needs some greenbelts inside the limits.  Bonus problem #3: The highland hills. Baltimore is not flat. I'm not talking about the potholes, but some of those statistically contribute to elevation variance IMO.  Bonus benefit: There is enough property to redevelop in the city to spur billions of dollars in growth. Get a good amount of three to five story buildings and you can bring in local mass transit, so leave room for future trolleys in the streetscape.  Bonus benefit: Urban farming. Baltimore has many parks, community gardens, and entrepreneurial farmers.
Aaaaaaand [Now I'm thinking of this](https://youtu.be/IvmBRpiw1uA)
The fact that this thread is now filled with 1 and 2 day old accounts and all of Marohn's comments got a universal ~15 point bump overnight (after the article no longer sat at the top of r/engineering ) definitely isn't helping your case.  See if they stick around. Maybe this is just the community growing in to share this forum with those who are already here.   Grumbling about that group of people for not responding positively to this attitude and not automatically agreeing with you is pissy.  Seems to me he's really just accepting it. Does it make sense to let all the downvotes he got drop if you won't drop all the upvotes he is getting?
Dr. McHughs perfectly captures the Catholic position, though without much of the dogmatic context and philosophy it may not make sense as a merciful and righteous position - and even then you may disagree. A person who does not agree and live this position is not, by self-definition, a Catholic. That is how our Church works, much simplified.  If you want to know more, there is a video called [The Third Way](http://www.blackstonefilms.org/thethirdway/) that may fill in some gaps.
Yeah, this guy was all "We can do everything without a government, which even the founders called a necessary evil... so why have a government?"  Watched a bunch of lectures on Youtube and then /r/Anarcho_Capitalism .  But just like President Vit J. I'm willing to be practical. Hell, I'm a member of the local Republican Central Committee. They do not know me so well as to know my inclinations.
"... while you're here, you wouldn't mind putting a few rounds through the tach just to be safe, would you?"
I know you're getting in on the veggie thing, and I love most of them so I don't want to stop you... but /r/keto is a thing and past that there is even /r/zerocarb.   There is even at least one woman [raising kids low-carb](http://myzerocarblife.jamesdhogan.com/wp/2015/02/post-6-keeping-kids-off-sugar-teet/) and blogging it.  I'm not imploring you to try these out. I just thought to mention them.
Imagine AIAs neighborhood of yearly top-ten houses.
If he is labelled as inherently threatening, that could be the immediate conclusion.  The extreme example brings to mind a lone hero riding to the gates of the walled city of Liberland... half dead on his horse. He comes bearing important news but is turned away or shot with an arrow...  In real life, if you want to come back just ask to speak to a diplomat. Showing up at your ex-spouse's front door asking to be let back in isn't the right way to do things.  (not that govt is a spouse to anyone. blech.)
Copper.
A little piece on the "ZONE OF DEATH." - A place in America arguably without the population for trial by jury.
Government Itself Suffers the Tragedy of the Commons   Is this concept found already in any works?  I thought it up last night and am not well read, yet. Plenty of videos and thought under my lid, but I can't read at work.  In any case, this certainly explains how people see this thing called "government" which belongs to "everybody." With no owner (a government could only be "owned" by a sort of autocrat - not the worst thing if he's wise, but all men are fallible and nobody is fit to "rule" especially not in a permanent sense), each person who understands the the common nature of government will attempt to get the most profit out of it, ASAP. The profit comes at the expense of other's liberty - obviously abhorrent to us. But any effort to use and not dismantle this power structure, each user of the government indicates his rejection or ignorance of personal liberty. The former should be ashamed and the second admonished.
HP Large-Format Plotter needs new carriage belt.   I know how to change the belt, we cannibalized our dead plotter last year to keep this one running.  HP DesignJet 500 Model: C7770B  You can tell the belt is going on these by all the little black rubber fluff on your prints. Two months later, the belt sprockets don't catch and you are supposed to have prints for a proposal tomorrow.  Don't know if I'm searching poorly or could use a trade tip, but I have not found *just a belt* for sale. Do parts only come in kits? Is there a place to go to find more cannibalized parts?  Help, please.