The issue is Americans don't like socialists. Most Americans would never vote for one. Sanders starts already behind because he admits he's socialist-now he has to try and explain to those in the middle that he's a special kind of socialist, not the scary kind.
None of these things imply shit all, really.  Except people like Nate Silver have shown that they *do* show shit all.  Even this early, a poll deficit of that magnitude is very indicative of who will win.  Those reasons that you yourself listed above are exactly why he stands little to no chance.  It's not mindless repetition, its a substantive list of factors that show exactly why Sanders is very unlikely to win.
If establishment media, the ones who produce these polls - WasPo, NYT, Wall St. Journal, Fox - weren't actively trying to diminish Sanders' campaign then I would agree would you.  Now you're venturing into tin foil hat conspiracy territory. There's no concerted effort to push down your candidate just like there wasn't one for Ron Paul. He gets less than 20% in national polls. He's behind in all states. Clinton leads by 40 points. He's a distant second and thus isn't going to get a front page story on the NYT everyday. The newspapers pay a polling firm to poll for them. These firms make their money by being accurate; they're hired by candidates, PACs, business, etc. They'd go out of business.
I don't dislike him personally. He's an affable guy and seems honestly passionate about his issues. But he'll never be able to deliver them. All his radical changes have to get through a congress controlled by republicans where the tax raises needed to pay for them are a non-starter. We'd have 4 years of an ineffectual president with little to no foreign policy experience and the bad taste left in voters mouths would move the presidency back to republicans.
Doubt polls at your peril.  Republicans doubted polls all last cycle, and there were numerous news stories and websites devoted to "unskewing" them, and it the end it turned out they were right.  Also their likelihood of voting is determined by asking them a series of questions.
Key states like Iowa, where Clinton is leading by 42%? Or how about South Carolina, the third primary state, where she's leading by 41%, and Sanders is 5 points behind Joe Biden who isn't even running?
I didn't ask how you thought it would turn out, I asked if I was legally able to. If I am legally able to this could work out really well for me actually. Thanks  Sounds like this confrontation is going to go great.
Yooooooooo
I love the way this sub is turning into a circle jerk of starred users mocking OP.   You're certainly free to make your own legal advice sub where everything is super serious business and every word a poster makes is the gospel truth.    Check the other posts made today.  All useful advice, no mockery.  Sometimes mockery is deserved.
So you supported the jailing of MLK Jr?   Nope. Blacks under Jim Crow had little to no voting rights.   You were fine with the internment of Japanese-Americans during WWII?   Nope for the same reason. Little to no voting rights.   Do you think civil disobedience is legitimate, or that the only thing that matters is following the law in a nominally "democratic republic"?   Civil disobedience can be useful, but if you don't think the United States is a democratic republic then there's not much else we can discuss here.   I mentioned David Betrayus (Petraus), he got fucking PROBATION for something that in 1965 could have led to a  Yeah I got your brilliant pun  Petraeus didn't commit the same crime at the same level that Snowden did. He revealed things to impress his girlfriend. Snowden released information to enemies that threatened our country. He didn't read what he turned over. He admitted to John Oliver that this was a mistake.
Same question I asked jcar128, how can simply telling an officer I know my rights are being violated hurt more than help?  Officers have wide discretion on how to handle a traffic stop.  You could have committed three infractions but a cop might only ticket you for one since you were polite and respectful.  If you go through with your plan, the cops won't cut you any breaks.  When you go to court, the cop will communicate with the prosecutor regarding your behavior meaning the prosecutor won't cut you any breaks.  Also keep in mind you can be arrested and taken to a police station for something as small as speeding.  If you're annoying enough, a cop can do that, and it would not be illegal in the slightest.
What books would you recommend to the average person to just educate himself for general knowledge. Getting to know your rights, understating how the system works, and what i can do as a citizen to be savy and not a victim of a complex world i know nothing about.  The vast vast majority of people are not attorneys, have little to no legal knowledge, and yet still go through their entire lives happy and healthy. It's highly unlikely that you'd be a "victim" or anything, nor is it likely that a situation would arise where legal knowledge is immediately necessary. Just don't talk to the police if they suspect you of a crime and you'll be fine.
Well, listen, you can certainly take a shot but I don't know how successful you'll be.  The only thing you're at all likely to recover is the difference in costs.  You won't get your legal fees back, and you won't get any kind of public acknowledgement that you were right and they were wrong.  Also the Attorney General doesn't just give out opinions based on a citizen complaint that they were overcharged 15 bucks.  The AG is the attorney for the government.  People say this here often and it's usually a stupid idea, but IF you're correct going to local media might be a good idea.
[It's always the other one!](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mbxydkIMtu1qleraio3_250.gif)
Will I be penalized for fighting the ticket and being found guilty rather than going straight to the prosecutor and ask for a no point charge?  If you appear before the judge and get anything other than a dismissal to all charges, you will be assessed court costs.  Speaking to the prosecutor and asking for a different charge will still require you to appear before the judge and plea to the new charge.  Your chances of being found not guilty to all charges are essentially zero.  Additionally, the prosecutor can and likely will speak to the cop before agreeing to anything.  If the cop remembers the speeding issue you can be issued a ticket for that as well.
No that's not entrapment. Police have no duty to tell you the truth and lying to you is not entrapment. It's almost never entrapment.