I'm glad that you and your mother can have a good relationship today. Do me a favor - give her a hug. Don't tell her that it's because you are proud of her for getting sober. Just say "I love you."
I'd say that I'm more of a Dean Koontz kind of guy, but I have read a lot of King, and he is a member of the fellowship.
Kenneth Kohl is a pen name, so I'm not really attempting to remain anonymous in that way. Some stories are just better told from the third person.
Nope - I'm an author. http://amazon.com/author/kennethkohl  Mostly horror stuff, but you can usually find undertones of my alcoholism and struggle with bipolar disorder in my stories.
Congrats!
12 Steps [NSFW]
I would love some feedback on my story 12 Steps - Mildly NSFW
Leo [ 10,560 ] Horror/Science fiction
The Montford Experiment
The Garden Gnome
The Montford Experiment [ 3280 ] Horror/Science fiction
The Remover [ 31,397 ] Horror/Vampires
The Terra Cotta Gnome [ 4556 ] Horror
Stiff Opposition [ 2263 ] Horror/Reality
The Remover   Written by Kenneth Kohl (kowale). This is a long read that began as a single short story on Creepypasta. More parts of the series were provided and it was eventually combined into one large work. The Remover has gathered a considerable fan base since its original posting, and has since been incorporated into a full-length novel of the same name.  Part 1  When I left my office, I already had a premonition that something awful was going to happen that evening. Im not psychic. I am quite perceptive, though, and the signs were easy to read. I had worked late  nine oclock and already dark  and my ordinarily enjoyable walk to the parking lot struck me as a little bit menacing. I parked in a lot that was about a ten minute walk from my office. In the early evening on a crisp autumn day its a pleasure to stroll there and take in the sights of downtown Indianapolis. Occasionally Id take a detour and walk along the canal, checking out the street art. This was past nightfall, though, and right in the middle of a hot and humid August. There were only two sorts of people in downtown Indy that night  those who had to be, and those who had no place else to go.  My walks always took me past the Wheeler Mission. There was a flashing neon sign reminding me that Jesus Saves every ten seconds. The mission was a magnet for the homeless. A lot of my sort of people ended up there, but some others as well. Addicts, mentals, criminals on the run and looking for a meal and a place to stay. According to the missions rules felons were usually turned in, so the police visited regularly. None of the citys finest sitting outside that night; just a collection of bums waiting to scam some loose change off of whoever happened to be out on this humid night.  One of the panhandlers called out to me. Hey! Can I talk to you sir? Can I ask you a question? Are you afraid of homeless people? He was young, maybe pushing thirty. He was clean-shaven and had a number of tattoos running up his arms and neck and ending just shy of the bottom of his dirty red baseball hat. The design hinted at a former stay in prison.  Every one of them always has a story. Its typically well practiced and smooth. A bum tells his story so many times that he begins to believe it himself. He gets into his character and will debate at length on the subject of why he needs money. The stories can get quite elaborate and sometimes amusing, if you have the time. But unless you want to be followed all the way back to your car or to the door of your office its best to just say No or Sorry. That night, I was feeling antsy and just wanted the conversation to end quickly, so I opted for Fuck you.  Red Hat responded in kind. At first he stopped in his tracks, looking sort of stunned. Then he started following me. You think youre better than me? Dont you walk away from me. Then he grabbed at the back of my shirt. Thats when I knew for sure that things were going to end badly.  I shrugged him off. I could have easily outrun him at that point, but I didnt. I dont know if it was pride or arrogance; or if it was due to the fact that I was tired, irritable and in an excessively bad mood. I did start walking faster, though. I hoped that he would tire of the game and go back to his roost outside the mission. I hoped that the situation wouldnt go any further.  Then I saw a chance to end the game. There were two routes to my car  one being along a well lit, albeit virtually deserted street and the other a slightly shorter route through a small alley behind the Robertson Parks church. I aimed myself toward the alley. I could still hear Red Hat shouting behind me, but I was doing my best to ignore him. Where you going man? Stop! I want to talk to you, he said. I had a pretty good idea that when he saw me heading towards the alley, he thought that he had me beat. How stupid did he think I was? I knew that once we were alone, Id have the upper hand. I could either disappear into the shadows or, if necessary, kick his ass. What I didnt know, however, was that he had a couple of friends waiting for him.  They must have seen us head off and circled around the block. Its like they were expecting me to walk through that alley. For them, it was the perfect place for an ambush. Ill have to admit that I was startled when I first saw them. I had allowed myself to get too distracted. Not only by Red Hat, but by the anxiety that Id been experiencing since leaving my office. The two buddies, dressed similarly and tattooed like Red Hat, stood at the far end of the alley. In addition to seeing their silhouettes I could smell them from where I stood. I stopped dead in my tracks when I saw them. Red Hat closed the distance behind me and pushed me further into the alley. Then the other two approached and boxed me in.  One of them pushed me and laughed. What now, Chris?  Now we teach this little shit how to respect people, Red Hat replied.  I had backed up against the wall of the church. Trust me guys. Bad idea, I said.  The one who had previously been quiet came forward and shoved me  hard  back into the wall. I remember feeling the back of my head bounce off the brick. Then he punched me in the stomach. As he drew back his arm to get ready for another swing, my arm flew out and I grabbed his head, palming his face like a basketball. I pushed backward and twisted his head as he fell. Thats when I saw Red Hats knife.  Red Hat had drawn his arm back as if he were going to pitch a softball underhand. He had the point of the knife aimed at me. He lunged, but I managed to grab his wrist and deflect his thrust. At this point I could no longer see the first of his two buddies  the first to punch me - but the other one landed another blow directly to my nose. That diverted my attention long enough for Red Hat to bring his knife around for another attempt. A thousand thoughts were racing through my mind. How could I have let myself get drawn into that situation? Why did they pick me? Why that night? How was it going to end? How was I going to handle the cleanup after it was over?  Between all of the distractions and the surprise punch to the face, I must have missed seeing the knife until the last moment. It sunk deep into me. Low, directly below my ribs and angled upward into the place where a normal man would keep his liver. The guy had been in fights before. He was a pro. I felt pressure, but not any actual pain.  Then I felt myself becoming very hot and my vision faded to white.  *****  When the numbness went away, I surveyed the scene in the alley. One of the guys  the one who managed to land a punch on my face  was running around the corner of the church screaming. Around me, there was blood all over the ground and even sprayed up onto the wall of the church. The guy whose face I had grabbed was lying prone nearby, his head cocked at an unnatural angle. His neck was clearly broken. It was Red Hat who surprised me most. He was lying at my feet eyes open, mouth frozen in a perverse smile, and throat ripped open. He looked like hed had a date gone bad with a table saw.  And all I could think of was how long it had been since Id last eaten.   Part 2  Dear R.,  I can no longer trust my own decisions. As you hear my story you will understand why. Right now, it will be enough to say that I cant focus, my thoughts are racing, and my emotions are taking over. Im in no condition to make the sort of decision thats necessary, and so Im asking for your help.  Im putting my unconditional trust in you. In order for that to happen you have to trust me entirely  and the only way that can happen is if you know the truth.  At this point I have no doubt that you believe Im insane and you might be right, to a point I believe that youll hear me out, though; if for no other reason than to find out how far gone I am. I sincerely believe that by the time Ive said what I have to say, youll believe me  if not before then.  Since others are involved, Im putting their lives in your hands, too. You must never repeat this to anyone. Im laying a great burden on your shoulders; but you owe me. I dont need to remind you why.  Just about every form of life begins in an embryonic stage. Interestingly, when we are in our embryonic stage we have two hearts. Two hearts! Can you believe that? This heart primordia, as its called, eventually fuses together into one heart with four chambers. Embryologists at the University of Indiana performed an experiment in the 1930s in which they kept the heart primordia from fusing in embryonic frogs. Amazingly, the frogs grew up with two hearts. They had extensive genetic damage, though, and didnt live very long.  But imagine for a moment that the same thing happened in nature, with greater success. Imagine that the heart primordia never fused in the embryo of an otherwise ordinary man. He could theoretically develop two hearts. Not that farfetched - humans have many redundant organs: two lungs, two kidneys, two eyes.  Are you with me so far?  The body is a system and that system normally runs at full capacity, so the addition of a second heart alone wouldnt make much of a difference. But there is an added potential. Suppose that this new creature (and I call it that because now weve taken a leap of faith and are no longer talking about your unremarkable homo sapiens) also develops a system that can exploit this additional power plant, much in the same way that an athlete can train his body to function at higher levels. It would require larger lungs, or perhaps even a third lung to provide additional oxygen. Other organs might be affected, altered, enhanced or even eliminated. The end result would be a creature possessing unimaginable strength, speed and endurance.  You can see where Im going with this, cant you? Such creatures do exist. This is as much of a fact as the sky is blue. I not only believe it, but I can prove it  will prove it  to you, in due time.  I wish that I was there with you now, so that I can more accurately gauge your reaction. Ill have to rely on your inquisitive nature and assume that youll continue reading. Since Ive told you this much already, I may as well elaborate further.  God, in all his goodness, had gone so far as to create these beings. Then Mother Nature threw in her own cruel little trick. You see, that second heart needs a way to get vital oxygen and nutrients to cells; and that way is through blood. Plasma to carry nutrients and red cells to carry oxygen. Blood is produced in bone marrow and spleen. An average, healthy man is blessed with just enough blood-producing tissue to sustain him. These creatures, however, being approximately the same size dont have the ability to produce any more blood cells than a normal man. Yet their two hearts continue to feed their bodies in overdrive. Left in that state they would literally starve or suffocate.  Nature is also forgiving. Taking advantage of their physical mutation, they have the ability to absorb plasma and red cells from the ingestion of the blood of other living creatures. The mechanism by which this works is too specific to go into. It wouldnt interest you anyway. Not at this point.  And so these pseudo-men have evolved, exploiting their superhuman strength and abilities to become the perfect hunter  after all, other living creatures arent too keen on the idea of donating their own blood to sustain the lives of these things. I call them things because thats what normal men consider them to be. Fiends. Monsters.  Im certain that you know what these creatures are. This fabulous, complex, species; homo sanguineous; no less Gods children than their human brothers; hated; abhorred have come to be called vampires.  But they are real. And I can prove it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jrm0T0WfTmE