That's the real me   I've discovered this sub an hour ago. I wrote something for you guys.   "I knew a kid once who always cried. He wasnt always sad, and I dont think a man his age had much to be sad about. He was authentic, solicitous yet an utter romantic, a man of his heart and a slave of his mind. He always cried, but he wasnt always sad. I dont think a boy as beautiful had much to sob for, though well, he did have ugly teeth. Maybe it was the teeth that forbidden him from smiling whenever he saw the beauty of sunrise, and the romanticism of dusk. Youd recognize his happiness by the enlargement of his eyes and a tiny, only fractious curve emerging on his lips. He was the kind of boys that cried when King Kong fall by a damn P-12. He was a beautiful, little kid, with burdensome dreams of being a man. And maybe thats why he always cried."  I've always felt happy while being sad. I had these moments where I'd lay down at night and listen to music and feel euphoric. I called it 'Happy Depression'. I've been browsing this subreddit and just having this wonderful moment because all of this posts, that's me. That's the person I try to hide because he's too emotional, not a man but a prostitute of these damn feelings.   There's so much I could say but I don't wanna sound selfish. I just wanna say that I love you guys, I love this community. I'm so happy, but I think I'm also a bit sad.
How strong are psilocybin mushrooms?
Makes sense. My depression began two years ago, and it's been getting worse recently.   The reason I asked you this is because sometimes when you think about the origin of your depression, in my experience, it makes you understand that the situation today isn't as it was back then. Things ain't what they used to be. You're left with the emotions you experienced back then, but if you think about that experience, you basically challenge these thoughts. Hell, you can even replace them with new ones.  I feel it doesn't help anyone, but I encourage you to take some fifteen minutes today to run memories backwards and think about the origin of your depression. Do it in a comfortable enviorment and let me know the results.
People speak what they know. However, you can't ignore the facts. Would you say smoking is healthy, for instance? You look at the numbers.    Each year, an estimated 443,000 people die prematurely from smoking or exposure to secondhand smoke, and another 8.6 million live with a serious illness caused by smoking.  Now, of course, everything is deeper than numbers. Sometimes numbers do lie, as there's not a single recorded death of someone who died of marijuana, but people did jump of rooftops while they were high.   Don't think I'm an old conservative about drugs. I'm seventeen, and while I'm still inexperienced in the area I think ignoring so many numbers and studies, and basing your opinion on a drug STRICTLY on your experience from it - well, it's kinda ignorant.   Sorry if did sound like a conservative at the end. Overall, I don't think my argument would matter to someone because everyone has the right to smoke and do whatever they want.
Why doesn't it show contrast? A nuclear bomb, an amusement park. So maybe it's not particularly for a nuclear weapon but violence, wars, and I don't know what kind of message he wanted to deliver but this image shows both the connection and the contrast between the two.   Plus, no art, even a chilidish one, is supposed to make sense on first sight. Yes, you can say it's poorly done and it's your opinion, but I don't think this kid should be laughed about for this.  Btw, sorry for any English mistakes. I'm not from the US. I'm seventeen, for the record.
Remember Jeremy Meeks?
Thank you. This made me smile so much.   I think my mom would support me, and I could tell her that I've been writing my own novel, and that I've a girlfriend. This would all be very new to her, and a little embarrassing for me but hey, if this is what it takes to get better, I'm willing to do this.   I'm probably gonna get anxious about this soon, but right now I've hope. I don't quite know how to explain this, but I feel better just thinking about it.   I'm gonna PM you, and hopefully I could ask for further assistance and keep you updated?
I haven't told anyone about my writing. It's one of the few things that keep me passionate in life, that gives purpose to my depression. I like it. Anxiety makes me imagining things turning out wrong, but for some reason it's not like that with writing. I imagine myself turning out as a good author, even though I'm only seventeen and English isn't my native language.  Anyways, I feel better now. Thanks. (:
What's this?
It always makes me smile to see Bon Iver's version of Skinny Love rather than Birdy's.
YES. Geez, you read me so well! I listened to the acoustic version like a thousand times and YES, those lines in that version were orgasmic.   I think Justin's voice sound much better without all the effects he put into Bon Iver, Bon Iver. On the other hand, I cannot imagine songs like Perth and Holocene without such effects.  By the way, if we share the same passion for Justin's original voice, you should check out [Beth/Rest Rare Book Room Version](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qv9Aj_2julQ) if you haven't done that by now.
Should I sell Sony's stocks?
[Colorization](http://i.imgur.com/KKerDo8.png)
I'm personally a great fan of the Assassin's Creed franchise and owned every single game in special edition's, and I confess that some games (especially Black Flag), weren't that great and even terrible.   However, Unity is absolutely grand. Sure, there're a few FPS drops (On PS4, I don't know how are thing on the PC), and there're a few bugs but overall I found this game amusing and interesting. I can see the amazing work Ubisot has put into this game and honestly, after playing it almost 20 full hours, I simply cannot understand the terrible reviews this game received.  This, in my opinion, outranks Assassin's Creed 2 which I used to consider one of the best action-adventure games ever. I agree with everything said and I think the devs should be praised AT LEAST for the enormous effort they put into this game, even while some may discourage them for the bugs, story etc.
The comments here are disgusting.
I will draw you a custom gfaffiti and record it for you for $5