Photos soon of Pluto flyby, another milestone in spaceflight history
I just watched the film, and then watched The Downfall shortly after. I recommend both. The Triumph of the Will makes you feel as if everyone in Germany was just a single-cell apart of this massive growing organism.
Hillary Clinton Rolls Out Her Economic Platform
Djokovic wins Wimbledon title
Good point on the whole longevity of emotions. Have you ever seen the movie memento? It's like our short term memory is continually erasing our emotions, not they actually are very real to begin with: just products of our imagination and some hormones. Of course this is biological: I mean no one wants to have to continually feel pain, but why do you think it is so common for people to feel negative emotions for a longer period of time? Additionally, for those who can find happiness: I think a great philosophy to live by is to be happy. So I think it's fine to have a cascade of temporary happiness, but what about happiness for a society. Do you believe it holds the same philosophy?
What happens next? What happens after economic reform and we're still no longer happy?   I'm definitely addressing left-wing ideologies for this question and in theory, eradication of a government will foster benign human nature because the government, in theory, is the cause of all of our inhumanity and immoral behavior (morality is a whole other conversation in itself if you're up for the convo). So let's say we live simply, basking in our interests and fulfilling the life we want that will provide us with the most happiness. We all have the same resources and there is no private property. Civilization no longer suffers from the all so consuming evil brainwash of capitalism, materialism, injustice, etc. what happens next? What happens when we really we are happy and want more? I'm not asking what is the point of trying to be happy (I mean what's the point of anything really) but what happens next? I'm not looking for a reply that essentially says "why not? We've made a utilitarian society that's given equality to all." (Or something along those lines) I'm really open to a lot of views on this; I'm just looking for a really great discussion.
Sad Satan - Deep Web Horror Game
favorite track: Goatwhore
A safe trip?   Reddit, I have never done drugs, and I'm very much against them. My mother was an addict, now just a heavy drinker as with my father, so I don't want to screw over my life: simple. My parents have taken on the role of whom not to become, but I want to experience that creative urge; that subconscious realm of reality that is drugs without screwing up.  Any suggestions?  I want to experience everything (that's kind of my life's philosophy) and right now, I'm looking for an escape where I could "find myself".  Thanks! EDIT* Follow up question: Personal experience stories?
Johnny Cash - Hurt HD [Rock]
Evolution of Emotions?
The world or man?
I guess it's all a matter of body theory and personal identity theory. I think Hawkings is Hawkings. He has his own mind; he just happens to be placed in a non-functioning body. It ultimately asks the question: Is Hawkings famous for his discoveries or disabilities?
I got a 22 on my mac. Definitely going to try on different screens and in different light.
Saudi warning on Iran nuclear deal
Your Brain on LSD