Yeah,
They only told him that was cocaine, actually it's Bert's year old dandruff vacuumed out of their carpet. That little autistic turd would never deserve something that they would have to spend money on (he's even fed exclusively with their excess cum). It was just autosuggestion and now he's embarrasing himself. They will remind and tease Bort about that for years to come.
"SHUT UP OR I'LL SNAP YOUR NECK YOU LIL SHIT. THE ONLY REASON I HAVEN'T DONE THAT ALREADY IS THAT I AM COLLECTING MONEY ON YOU"
Lol, these mini-hitlers are the worst. [I actually got banned from me_irl just because I dare to have a sense of humor](http://www.reddit.com/r/banned/comments/36ahdi/banned_from_rme_irl_because_i_dare_to_have/)
Wow, that's a nice touch.
I had always had obsolete PCs, mostly second-hand - I had spent a good amount of time gazing at screenshots in game magazines, drooling and dreaming. I had never thought I would ever play those shiny shiny games. I know very well the ails of lowest setting gaming and slow 90s PCs. The breaking point came a year ago when I knew I would have a part-time job and I was wiser and knew that my dream could come true, especially thanks to Reddit.  Prior to the building I thoroughly went through every BaPC guide and BaPC-recommended guide to learn how to build a PC, I even went through rookie-mistake-horrors threads. When I finally picked the parts after some googling and consideration, I asked here if it is good and subsequently changed over half of the parts according to advice. I am not a good picker, I guess.  The building itself went good, though I was nervous as hell and it took me all day. Like "Gosh, my fingers sweat so much, argh, my hard-earned two-month pay have just gone out of window it will all burn out on the first go" everytime I touched anywhere. I don't think I should worry so much about touching the components, should I? The feeling when it turned on was worth it, though.  The sad thing is, I remember how to connect and take out parts and whatnot (during building I was surprised that I almost didn't need a guide how to connect the parts together, it is very obvious - literally, as BaPCers say, like a Lego), but by now I have wholly forgotten what to look for when picking parts (unlike some people here who just go to the store and casually pick up good compatible parts), but I suppose I can consult the internet when the need arises.
[The thing](http://i.imgur.com/mvuWddE.png)
me irl
Czequestria: Only a handful of tickets left
Sudden inpirational quote in Ace of Spades Classic   Today I decided to play Ace of Spades Classic once again, so I go to a server and join the blue team. After changing several maps, one turns up where blue team is having its ass kicked really hard, when a message suddenly appear in the chat:   We may not be winning in the game, but we are winning in our hearts.  Thank you, random stranger, for encouraging me a little.
Went on Christianity sub again   I sometimes go there to see what retarded things people say there, and it never fails me laugh. But it also enrages me a little, when I what turds can people spew of their mouths, and how ignorant some of them are - religion serves them as an excuse to not seek reason, to abandon critical thinking, to embarras themselves. Cattle do not see the stars and think they are special in the universe. In comparsion with immersity of the universe, we are uncomparably less than nothing.  I hope there won't be a shortage of people who publicly present reason, science, atheism etc. to people, because I have a grave feeling that it might actually be possible for the world to become a place where non-believers would be put ot death, if there would be no vocal opposition.  Just wanted to get this off my chest, carry on, or discuss it, if you wish.
U wot m8? (cross-post from /r/KerbalSpaceProgram)
I just finished latest episode of Doctor Who, here is my boring little wall of text (really, nothing interesting)   Note: I am a fan of 2005's Doctor Who. I am not planning on watching older series, i am quite content with the new.  I must say it is one of the best series i've seen. About a year ago i started to hear from my friends how good it is, they posted DW related things on Facebook and i am naturally quite open-minded, so i put it on my imaginary "To watch" list, but i did not rush in any way, actually, it was one of my new classmates who gave me needed push.  First episodes were feeling like it was a cheap TV production - it probably was, and i do not complain - and it got better with time. I love series which have consistent universe, and DW satisfied me in this way.  Not everyone may see it same, but i like how they put homosexuality in there every so often - i am not a homosexual or in LGBT community, but i am happy for those people, i support them (of course i like gay jokes and so on, but that is different). I also felt some atheist themes in the series, that was pleasant too. I also very like the Doctor's "no guns" policy, it's not something you can see very often today.  I sure am going to continue watching, though i call myself just a fan (don't really have urge to call myself whoovian yet; maybe this will be my backup fandom)
I hate my life :D   I flew to the Mun and collected high amount of scientific data, but i underestimated needed power to get back to Kerbin, and poor Kerbal must have EVAed (of course with data) and set himself on stable orbit. So i send first rescue - it was a probe with four solar panels, i don't know how, but i managed to position the way that no light could reach them, thus rendering probe dead. For my second try i attached two 1x6 automatic panels to it and i even managed to get rendezvous orbit - but in the wrong way! Now i am going for my third try. Wish me luck!  EDIT: Finally! That was insane, it took 4 tries before i managed to pick up poor Kerbal, and then i had to position vessel hanging on a parachute so he won't fall off his seat (another valuable lesson - always using capsules).
My cat is cute   When my cat lies somewhere, she put her legs and tail under her so she looks like a little furry blobby bean. It's adorable.  I just wanted to share with you.
Last summer, I and my friend were making fire, when i saw something crawling around in the grass. I thought it is a frog, but i was wrong. It was almost as big as my palm. Enjoy