If it can be demonstrated to have likely prevented any shooting this year, I'll consider your moderate approach. Otherwise all cute freshman year 101 Pavlov name bombs aside, no amount of regulation is going to address the real crisis, an emerging human condition that relies on libido and base desire and anger and violence when reacting to the world, instead of genuine concern for others. Infringing on a right our Supreme court supports as a constitutional one is not only the wrong approach to fix the issues, it's the issue that specifically led to Maryland failing to elect a shoe-in Democrat governor, Colorado to demonstrate effective recalls against Democratic reps. It will lose us the White House. I'm a nonhetero Democrat and I know this as fact.
Ozymandias develops a plan to kill Batman. Could Batman survive?   Film and comic abilities in play.
Carl Sagan actually believed in similar lines of thought. Personally, I view any answer regarding post life that isn't "I do not know" as uneducated warbling. Chest thumping and pissing contests aside, no one knows what happens when we die. They know what might happen, what they want to happen or what they're afraid will happen. That's it.
[Deathmatch] Yoda vs. Incredible Hulk   City street fight, movie abilities only, no prep.
A cure for aging/dying is discovered but it completely erases our ability to feel enthusiasm, joy or happiness.   Live the average lifespan feeling occasional happiness and joy or live forever without ever feeling happy again?
If people would vote with their money instead of voting for an article on Reddit maybe Verizon and AT T would listen. If you upvoted this link from a Verizon device you are directly contributing to the problem. "I don't have a choice" doesn't fly.
I think mine would involve paying for my Comcast services with a Comcast bank issued credit card that I make monthly payments on with income I make working in a Comcast owned grocery store that I drive to every day in my Comcast sponsored transport pod. On the way to work, I pass the Comcast Public Library, the Comcast Community High School and wave to my friend who is headed to work at the Comcast Water Department. On the radio, I only hear the "latest pop hits" Comcast plays on their menus and between each song I am exposed to 5 minutes of advertising for the lastest "hit reality show" Comcast will be showing that night.  Yes. That sounds like hell to me.
What pisses you off?
Making this issue out to be a Bush vs Obama issue is disgusting and beneath this nations reputation.   Obama wrote an executive order banning these techniques, an order Bush COULD have signed in the form of a bill passed by the House and the Senate but he chose instead to VETO a bill requiring CIA to conform to the Army Field Manual when utilizing interrogation strategies.   Obama has allowed drone strikes, NSA wiretapping and many other atrocities, but don't try to tie CIA torture around his neck. This one is owned by the Bush administration generally and GWB/Dick Cheney specifically. It is a stain on our country the likes of which has not been seen since slavery and any attempt to justify it or distract from the topic is indefensibly atrocious.
Obviously it doesn't remove water from existence lol as I stated, this is based on an assumption the water would be reintroducted into the same running units as it evaporates.
I didn't ask what caused it. I asked how to lessen it. In my former life as a nurse, I saw hundreds of gallons of various fluids thrown away in sealed rubber bags. Bags that are not going to biodegrade in your grandchild's lifetime. This is daily.  My question is, over the course of years, decades, that kind of resource abuse is a zero-sum game.   But a good friend of mine who is a devoted Tea Party member completely agrees with you and said almost your exact argument. I just feel like it fails to touch on the issue of preservation.  We recycle aluminum. We separate plastics at the bin. We take absolutely no steps to preserve water or reintroduce it into our ecosystem, which I feel is a misstep.
Never thought I'd have to break this down for someone, but since you missed something along the line...It's the sound of the word. I hate it. Hope that makes my selection acceptable to you. Do I have your permission to dislike it now?
If this is considered "in the gutter", I've done things that would keep you up for days on end, sir.
Google has zero credibility at this point. They can backpedal and try to suddenly appear concerned, but it's too late.  We are the kids that walked into the bedroom and found our mom Google in bed with her hands around the NSA's throbbing shaft. There is no way they can erase those awful images from my mind. Not happening.
I like this one. It has a more educated ring to it. "Excuse me gentlemen, while I appreciate the plethora of penii, I must ask you to form a single-file line for the sake of order."   Definitely going with that one.
This was on television just a day or two ago. I watched about three minutes of it and have to agree that it was pretty damn bad, but it lacked that "oomph" that made me both awe-struck and sick to my stomach and that's what I'm hoping I can find...