She sure attracted a swarm of men out there. It was 1944, so is it safe to guess that they were not used to seeing women with too much skin showing? I'm giving a benefit of the doubt here lol!
DIY Painted Mason Jars
That's the thing about people these days. It's easy for them to point fingers and condemn others for their actions, but they don't see themselves not doing anything. If you don't have anything good to say, and if you don't do anything good to change what you're complaining about, zipping your mouth could be a better idea.
It has been proven many times that friends and business don't go well together. It's either you lose one, or both. It's better to tell them directly that you want to give this a shot on your own. Not because you want to show off, but because you want to prove your worth as a person and as an up and coming entrepreneur.
After leaving his 9-5 job, this 31-year-old built a company that's earned $1 million while he travels the world
I believe there are some window films with various designs that you can use to cover the lower part of your window, so you can keep your privacy which is available in Purlfrost. As for having more of natural light, you can use mirrors or reflective surfaces in your home decor and place them strategically to fill your home with brightness and natural light. If you put mirrors close to your windows, it will bounce light into your space amplifying natural light, and it will make your windows seem bigger and brighter.
Tesla is taking its unique dealership design on the road: the company has constructed a mobile pop-up shop out of shipping containers
Knafeh Bakery is one of many examples of small businesses that have used containers to create a successful food or retail operation. Given the low overhead, you can expect to see more and more shop owners adopt the container venue strategy that has proved so successful for Knafeh.   im in awe that such container can be used as a cheaper alternative to renting a place to put up your business let alone be a stand alone bakery. learn more in this article http://www.royalwolf.com.au/blog/knafeh-bakery-takes-on-australia-from-a-shipping-container/. i might consider this an idea when i put up an organic cafe. Let me know what you think and what businesses can we put up using used containers
Truffle?
So is it worth it so far?
Are they serious? Hehe maybe all the running clog their thinking caps hehe
"2 Single Bedroom Apartment Designs Under 75 square meters (With Floor Plans)"
Wow thanks for sharing that I mean some architects are in it for the money. But I think you found your passion. Keep it up!
Designer Sylvain Viau Imagines the Hover Cars We Were Promised
There are some things that a computer cant do but i dont think computers are a bad thing it makes  work life easy and it's up to the user on how he would want the computer to work to his advantage
Definitely. Neutral colors are the best.