Relevant text:  Lieutenant General Sir Adrian Paul Ghislain Carton de Wiart VC, KBE, CB, CMG, DSO (5 May 1880  5 June 1963) was a British Army officer. He served in the Boer War, First World War, and Second World War; was shot in the face, head, stomach, ankle, leg, hip, and ear; survived two plane crashes; tunnelled out of a prisoner-of-war camp; and bit off his own fingers when a doctor refused to amputate them. Describing his experiences in the First World War, he wrote, "Frankly I had enjoyed the war."
What the hell does it matter?  That was 11 hours ago.  Do you think that the same exact people, no more/no less, are the only ones that will see this one?  I for one didn't see the one that was posted last night.  And not knowing it in the first place, I certainly wouldn't have gone browsing TIL to locate it either.  Stick with licking the windows [Corky](http://s3.amazonaws.com/rapgenius/filepicker/bZmcvSCTTXSaNvOpj4f3_57761.jpg).
You still haven't shown how they are obviously paid for. I'm not asking for a "how to" on marketing. I'm merely asking a simple question.
Disney Worker Accused of Trying to Trade Disneyland Tickets for Sex With Teen Girl
I said it was a repost before I did the search  You've been here for two months.  The "repost" you found was from two years ago.  and it's common knowledge  According to who?  Don't be mad at me because you post old shit.  I don't get mad at unknown internet users.  Nor did I post this.    I don't care if it's new to you, it's old as fuck.   This probably isn't the subreddit for you then.  Try /r/news.
No I don't.  They are two completely different topics.  I'm not sure what world you live in, but not everything is exactly the same.  If that's your stretch for what you're talking about, you're well off base.  Granted, you had a hard enough time just getting to the damn point and tried to tap dance around it so I shouldn't be surprised.
Relevant text:   Christopher Lloyd was cast as Doc Brown after the first choice, John Lithgow, became unavailable. Having worked with Lloyd on The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai (1984), producer Neil Canton suggested him for the part. Lloyd originally turned down the role, but changed his mind after reading the script and at the persistence of his wife. He improvised some of his scenes, taking inspiration from Albert Einstein and conductor Leopold Stokowski. Brown pronounces gigawatts as "jigawatts", which was the way a physicist said the word when he met with Zemeckis and Gale as they researched the script, rather than with an initial hard "g", although both pronunciations are acceptable. Doc Brown's notable hunch came about because at 6'1" Lloyd was considerably taller than Fox at 5'5", and they needed to look closer in height.
Continual avoidance of the question only serves to answer it for you already.  You're answer is **no** but you don't want to actually state it because then you reveal yourself to be a hypocrite.  Oh... FYI, The SC Legislature just agreed to take up a debate on the subject of removing the Confederate Flag from the Statehouse grounds.  Yes.  I know.  That story has already been posted a few times now in /r/news and I already commented on it.  At the outset, I think it's a joke to have a vote to discuss something to then have another vote.  Just do it already.  However, this is a symbolic vote in my opinion and once things cool down after a few weeks, I don't believe it'll change.  It's the typical politician "kick the can down the road until people forget and we can move on" ploy that we see all the time as it is.
Pakistan heat wave claims at least 140 lives in Karachi
women  More than one is too many.  I personally stick with one.  With us being in a long distance relationship, I always look forward to seeing her again as we don't get to see each other too often.  First thing I do is just shoot her a text message in the morning so she has something when she wakes up.
Hartford, CT police officer shoots man armed with knife
Relevant text:  By 1012 million years ago, the hyena family had split into two distinct groups; that of the dog-like hyenas and the bone-crushing hyenas. The arrival of the ancestral bone-crushing hyenas coincided with the decline of the similarly built but unrelated Percrocutidae family. The bone-crushing hyenas survived the devastating changes in climate and the arrival of canids, which wiped out the dog-like hyenas, though they never crossed into North America, as their niche there had already been taken by the Borophaginae family. By 5 million years ago, the bone-crushing hyenas became the dominant scavengers of Eurasia, primarily feeding on large herbivore carcasses felled by sabre-toothed cats. One genus, Pachycrocuta, was a 200 kg (440 lb) mega-scavenger that could splinter the bones of elephants. With the decline of large herbivores by the late ice age, Pachycrocuta was replaced by the smaller Crocuta.
TIL When Babe Ruth was asked to tone down his lifestyle, he stated "I'll promise to go easier on drinking and to get to bed earlier, but not for you, fifty thousand dollars, or two-hundred and fifty thousand dollars will I give up women. They're too much fun."
Of course he does.  He's not at the level of blowhard crazy that some of the others are at.
As someone who frequently gets stopped while walking because "someone" reported some minor unprovable crime or "suspicious activity" I have my doubts in this case. It's one of the most common go-to reasons police use for a bullshit stop to provide reasonable suspicion.   Why would you doubt someone calling about you?  It's one of the most common go-to reasons police use for a bullshit stop to provide reasonable suspicion.   Source?  considering how often police have been proven to lie lately  You need to step away from the media machine.  Take into consideration the number of police officers there are in this country, the number of interactions each may have every single day, and then compare to the number of instances that actually get blown up.  Too many people are drinking the media kool-aid.
Had some guests over this weekend and figured I'd give this one a shot.  The recipe calls for one of three types of bread, I went with challah.  Turned out very good.  Pic is the finished product about 1 minute after coming out of the oven.    [Recipe](http://sallysbakingaddiction.com/2015/03/25/unbelievable-blueberry-french-toast-casserole/)