Bernie Sanders represents me as a Democrat more than anyone else in the Democratic Party. He is the ideal Democrat. He's what every "one of you" should be. He's hope to restore the American Dream.
yeah
Haters gonna hate and ainters gonna aint.   People said the same thing about a black junior senator too.   I believe in Bernie. He represents me. I'm going to vote for him and do what else I can to help him get every last vote possible no matter what the detractors or anyone else says.
I can see that. Just put up a ton of shots. But how long can he stay healthy? I'm not optimistic. It's sad seeing him like this.
[um...](https://hellostatusquo.files.wordpress.com/2014/11/101687-i-dont-know-girl-meme-husband-pcnl.jpeg)
PoliSci, plan was law school. Worked at a law firm, then later at the court. Dragged my feet for years, and since the legal field is dying somethin' fierce, I decided to go into healthcare which I'm pursuing right now. What are you thinking of doing? Criminal Justice field? Legal field? If the latter, I would advice you to be practical and look into it and be 100% it's what you want, because law school is not a good investment anymore. Back in the day (say before 2006ish) there were many well paying jobs out of school. Now, even people out of Ivy league schools in the top 10% of their classes are struggling. Partnerships in law firms are diminished. Plus, keep in mind something 90% of lawyers don't see a courtroom. They're in the office 12/hours a day doing paperwork.   I think choosing something that will get you a well paying job out of school is the best route to go, regardless of what you want to do after your undergrad, be it law or something else. So if you did engineering, accounting, nursing, computer science, etc something practical like that, you'd still have  something to fall back on.
why does everyone assume all the teams are staying the same? some will get better and some will get worse. You never know, you could have like seeds 2-6 all be within a game or two of each other and phoenix gets hot and end up getting the 2nd seed. You never know bro.
This is enough for me to get my hopes up so I can later be disappointed.
I'd go for this!
No, of course not, just like I would not vote for someone only based on their sex. But it raises important questions. Can she relate to me? Where did she get all that money? IMO no she can't and she got that money from her Wall Street friends who pay her millions of dollars every year for speeches and are paying for her campaign.
If the average American can what?   Get rid of the cap on social security taxes. This does not affect the average American at all. If you expand medicare it will bring costs down. Those are the primary social costs.   And take it easy on defense spending, corporate welfare, and tax cuts for millionaires and billionaires. And stop the banks for gouging everyone.
In Bernie Sanders, an unlikely - but real - threat to Hillary Clinton
You are not as you are born. You are as you make yourself and as you live your life. Just look at Jindal.   Same here, I'll support the Democratic nominee. I won't be excited about it though. Hillary is a corporate democrat.
You can thank God and such, but keep the proselytizing to yourself, especially when it is bigoted and not PC. And you can be sure this will blow up beyond MMA. When that happens, you can be sure he's suspended or cut. Whatever action the UFC decides to take, Romero brought that upon his self.
He's pure. The only thing I have heard negative about him so far is he wrote some erotica like 40 something years ago. When they try to catch him by calling him a socialist or wanting to raise taxes etc, he doubles down on it and wins.
What will it take for the Suns to trade for Michael Carter-Williams?   The Lakers 2015 first round pick of course.  Top 5 protected in 2015, top 3 protected in 2016/7, unprotected in 2018.  Maybe throw in the Suns 2015 first round pick?    Would the sixers be interested in Goran Dragic and or Gerald Green?