I just answer their question. I wouldn't consider those questions to be put on the spot questions. If I don't want to sit around and talk usually I give them an insane answer though.
An AMF, http://m.drinksmixer.com/drink735.html
A Senate panel approved a $575.9 billion defense spending bill on Tuesday, but its fate is uncertain as lawmakers argue over spending caps.
George Carter Stent describes the process as follows  The prisoner is generally tied to a gun with the upper part of the small of his back resting against the muzzle. When the gun is fired, his head is seen to go straight up into the air some forty or fifty feet; the arms fly off right and left, high up in the air, and fall at, perhaps, a hundred yards distance; the legs drop to the ground beneath the muzzle of the gun; and the body is literally blown away altogether, not a vestige being seen.  Source: http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blowing_from_a_gun
I like to find the good/bad between both parties being an independent voter, but the GOP just keeps pissing me off.  They don't seem to care about anything except themselves. It's sad both parties used to come with something strong, the GOP just fell off the charts though.
A gun battle and rioting erupted as Mexican police were attempting to arrest an alleged drug cartel leader, leaving three dead in one of Mexico's biggest cities, the border town of Reynosa.
This is the rising Mexican drug cartel that just pulled off the deadliest attack against Mexican security forces in years
My high school film teacher would always talk about this movie. I finally had a chance to watch it and don't regret it. A great cult classic. Here's the full movie on YouTube http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=l5DZhDH8eew
I think that's just a woman knowing she's hot thing. Continue the criticism until people are enlightened.
15 tons of marijuana seized at US-Mexico border
In a perfect world..... Turkey, peshmerga, Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Iraq, and Syrian rebels would all attack with ground troops. Along with coalition air strikes. Just completely overwhelm them.
Until people learn exactly what the budget is spent on. ~12 billion on uniform development. ~400 billion on the F35 ~2 billion for the land warrior system that isn't used. Ect.....
Because we're using all of our resources and money to police the world. Instead of working on building a better America we're working to change people's ideals across the world.  We're also being destroyed internally by drugs which the majority comes from Mexico because they refuse to make the boarder harder to cross.
I gave a guy that claimed he was in the military 250. He asked for it saying he was stuck downtown and couldn't get back to post. I definitely didn't think he was in the military  but it doesn't bother me.
1) I'll be positive. Helping people sign petitions /r/petitions 2) giving away free things /r/freebies 3) helping people become more knowledgeable /r/space 4) sharing life experiences with a person you've never met or something you've never done /r/self
Looking for an Regulation   Does anyone know what army regulation states that you don't have to buy equipment that you weren't issued? One of my co-workers had found it before, but it's been so long no one remembers it.