You're missing my point -- the private security agents could do whatever they wanted.    At least now they're somewhat accountable.  However I don't think a machete would've been allowed pre-9/11.  I flew from San Diego to DC in the 70's and I remember I took a clock radio with me.  They made me plug it in at the gate to make sure it worked.  I was perhaps a 12 year old boy.   I live in DC now.  I hate the security theater.  Coming back from a Nationals game last month, there were all these DHS paramilitary police in black in the Metro.  WTF?!!!  But better them than the Argenbright Security Barney Fifes.
Wrong.  It was supposedly Westinghouse.  Also, what people forget that the elephant had killed a handler and was doomed to euthanasia, so it wasn't for yucks.    Edison may not have even known that it was happening:  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Topsy_%28elephant%29#Death  Snopes needs to tackle this incident.
I bet I'm alone in here having watched Medium, but Alison's husband Joe -- portrayed by Jake Weber, who pops up all over the place, recently on Tyrant -- is a saint.    Literally psycho wife, three daughters showing the same trait, and he kept things real as far as domestic life was concerened.  A real saint.
The trick is to look in the East Village, i.e., east of Wisconsin Ave. and north of M St.  The rentals in the West Village get snapped up by wealthy GU students.  This works in your favor.  I know a neighbor who had to go overseas for a year and rented his house for $1800.  This was maybe four years ago.    I know a property that's had a rental sign on it for a few months.  28th   P.  Not an apartment house so no gym or pool, but there're plenty of those around.  I'll jot down the number and PM you tomorrow evening.    When are you coming to town?
The problem would be you'd be denying -- for my home team, by example -- the Nationals the services of Bryce Harper and Max Scherzer for a two week period.  We'd right now basically be an AAA team without them.    I think the NHL recognized how valuable Olympic hockey is to the sport and just shuts down.  There is zero chance Olympic baseball will ever be as important to the sport while the World Series contenders are trying to keep themselves over .500 even in the doldrums of July.
Heck I'm happy about this!!!
Nah.  A puppy conks out wherever it is when it runs out of gas.  He wanted to play.   As young as the doggie is, you could see him beginning to understand the cat batting at him.    They'll be fine.
I don't sadly.  Did she ever meet Erhard?  From my POV as a teenager in the 70's, I thought the adults were going insane.    But anytime I'd see an EST type on TV, the females sounded like that, while the males weren't too different from modern self-help types.   For my mini-generation, I think that's remarkable as normally it's the adults thinking the teenagers were going insane.  There was a terrific movie where a real-life EST girl coralled a director.  It's on the tip of my tongue.    Anyhow, that movement was weird.  I hear Erhard has vanished.  What did your mom do with them?
Nope, I've never had the chance to try one.  But couldn't a toddler nibble at it to get to the toy?  Anyhow, I remember growing up in the 70's there was soap with a toy inside it if you used the full bar.  My brother and I would regularly knife them in half.  Not smart to have I'd guess a 7 year old and a 5 year old around knives and wet soap bars.  We were fine but the potential for danger was there.  Now add in candy.    I'm just saying I think the US FDA has a rational argument on their side.
I... I...   I don't know what to say.  http://www.themarysue.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/athan-fillion-gif-cap-300x172.png   Somehow I think the 420 break is on the other side of the communication.
Where the heck did this storm come from?  Normally we get clobbered like this in the hours immediately following sunset.  I don't remember a non-hurricane storm in the middle of the night like this.
It's more that that issue just now popped up as a leading article on washingtonpost.com.    I wonder if somebody's trying to send a signal or just foster chaos.  It's weird.  I knew PR was having financial difficulties but they have been for years.  *edit: OK now I see that their bonds mature on July 1st every year.  My panties are no longer twisted.*
Breaking Bad, easily.  I watched the pilot as it first aired.  It had been getting favorable pre-reviews across the board.  I have DirecTV so it wasn't even in HD at the time, which might have made WW's tightie whities a little easier to take.  Had I seen them in HD I might've bailed.  2nd choice would be Buffy.  I fudge on the rules a little though: the first ep I saw is what turned out to be the S1 finale, however, S1 was a half-season.  They re-ran that half season in order over the summer, I watched or VCR'd each ep and then launched into S2 without missing a beat.  I plead forgiveness for fudging as this was the late 90's.
Go down to Half Street and get your car inspected.  It's a much easier process than it used to be -- I've sailed through the past couple of years.   Contest the ticket online.  I'd say you have a 90% chance of them waiving the ticket.
Bored? The Guardian did a series of reports on the "50 stunning Olympic moments" each with its own dedicated, in-depth article. This is amazing. Not clickbait-y, either -- no. 1 is the '72 basketball gold medal game.
Putin: You better not come after a nuclear-armed Russia