Wrote a final paper on Frankenstein and FNAF. Got an 86%   Thought you guys might like this!  I'm a junior (third year) at college and I wrote my analysis paper on Five Nights at Freddy's.  My teacher said she never had a student include a video game as a source before but for some reason she let me do it.  If you're going to read it I have to add that the college is a private Christian school so naturally there's several biblical allusions.  Also, it's not perfect and there are some mistakes.  Here's a link: http://www.docdroid.net/10rk1/fnaf-paper.pdf.html  Student Readers Summary:  In the original order, man is above all creation but falls short of divinity.  Frankenstein portrays a terrifying farce in which this order is disrupted and man creates new life.  5.N.A.F. tells a similar story in which robots are animated via dead children.  Both stories horrify because even the most successful attempts at creating life fall terribly short, and offend the humanity of the audiences.  We are not the sources of life, and in fact need God to supply our own life.    TL;DR:  Humans are incapable of creating anything greater than or equal to themselves, and any living thing created solely with human hands is doomed to be a monster.
There's a loop
I heard that the elevator cables can bunch up and slow your descent at the bottom.  Also a rapid descent can build up compressed air in the lower part of the shaft, further slowing the elevator.   https://web.archive.org/web/20060317041607/http://www.guinnessworldrecords.com/content_pages/record.asp?recordid=53746
Start small and work your way up!  Also, keep your eyes open and relax.  If you want a less intense ride, sit in the middle of the train as the front will go faster into hills and the back will get pulled over the hills faster.  I've ridden every coaster at Cedar Point except for Jr. Gemini and they are all great.  Pretty sure everyone here can give you lots of information on the park if you need it.  Try the wooden roller coasters first; they are less sickening than Corkscrew or Gatekeeper or Mantis (rougarou) because the transitions are less intense.  I actually puked last time I went to cedar point because I rode the Skyhawk swing ride twice after breakfast.  Sudden acceleration and deceleration on a full stomach is dangerous... So take time to digest, haha.  What was the roller coaster you puked on?
Right, that's it
A short comic?  This is pretty elaborate!  Awesome!
Roller coaster in my house
Yes I think he says that in the description.  He points out that the main difference is that his model's lift wheel is hollow, allowing the track to pass through it
Might be my favorite Daft Punk music video. Remix of "Mothership Reconnection"
I love that one the way it currently is too... I guess I am a sucker for the classic woodie experience and I don't want it to be replaced everywhere.
That's awesome!
Yeah, here it is http://youtu.be/q-8QaN2Kpx0
Brilliant
I think the hilarity of what you're talking about is that the game is an innocent concept gone wrong, and for some reason, everyone in the fandom has tried to put it back to normal.    So now we're at a place when everything seems so stupid because Bonnie, Chica, Foxy and Freddy are so familiar to us in their happy cute cartoon forms.  Until you open up the game and play it again, which is when you realize that metal sculptures left in a pizzeria at night are moving towards you for mysterious reasons.  Scott said it best in the IGM interview: "Animatronics can be creepy when they move, sure. But its when they are turned off that the veil is lifted, and you realize that they were never alive. They are, and always have been, dead."
Infinite marble run
A love story, made with Legos