Cheers, mate! Been drinking and just started GoT as well. Lovving It! blessed be you, child
He doesn't mention anything about the wild raptors, leaving me to assume there aren't any. Bummer :(  I really wanted to see some vicious velociraptor stuff like in the last act of Jurassic Park.
I'm really hoping that we've still seen only very little of this movie. What if the T-rex vs. I-rex scene is only halfway through the movie, just like the T-rex scene is halfway through the first Jurassic Park.  Ah, I doubt it. A boy can dream. The marketing on this probably has shown a clip from every scene of the movie.
Ahhahah what the fuck!?
ay, thanks dude. worked hard on it :-)
Sorry. I didn't know my opinion would get downvoted. I just get the feeling that Kanye cringes every time he hears that song. It's a product of its time.
RAMPAGE EDITION
Yooo I had low expectations for this and I got to On Sight and I'm seriously turning up in my car right now!   edit: Oh my god, and I've never even *heard* God Level before! This shit bumps!
This! Even in the Lost World, Isla Sorna was totally abandoned. It would be great to see a story of the hurricane hitting the island and seeing shit hit the fan as workers try to get off the island as dinosaurs begin to break loose. I always felt like Isla Sorna was a more ambitious project than the '93 Isla Nublar. I want to see it before it was hit by the storm.
Oh my GOD! I LISTENED TO THAT SONG SO MANY TIMES IN ELEMENTARY SCHOOL!!! 5th grade, 2005, specifically! I really thought it was Weird Al. Me and my buddy used to jam out to this in his shed when we first learned how to use the internet on our own. There was a YTMND and I remember finally finding an mp3 of it and being so happy. My parents didn't like it when I sang it at the dinner table. Haha I'm so happy you made this post. Thank you, catthedd. You had an influence on some young children in Arizona.
[Kubrick](http://i.imgur.com/XPF5fQb.png).
Jesus. "How's it going, man?"
I wonder if there's an HD scan of it somewhere.
Yee...
Batman looses his head
Slutdog Millionaire.