No, I mean it like I wrote. Made a small game in Java recently (The sound is realtime-synthesized, so the volume is applied directly in the sample data, so I certainly wasn't blindfolded by some driver's behavior.) that had the same problem at first. And it's logical that you have to do it this way round: Let's say we use 2 instead of e or something. A user input of 0.5 becomes 0.25. So, we are simulating that the user's slider is already way lower. This obviously works effectively against the problem that the upper range doesn't do much. It kind of expands the whole lower part of the slider and compresses the upper part.  Any number above 1 will work, yes, but 1.2 etc is much too weak to fix the problem, and if you go too high, you get the opposite problem: You'll not have any change in the lower ranges, and you'll also get too quickly to a quiet volume when going down from 100%. I fiddled with this, and about 2.7 seemed to be apt. Since it's close to Euler's Number, I figured that there might even be an objective reason to use e here. After all, e^x is its own derivative, so as a complete mathtard, I thought that this symmetrical behavior might be related to about 2.7 being a good middle ground regarding the volume behavior manipulation.
I had the very same problem yesterday, if I understand you correctly: Every step was digital, a teleportation from point A to point B, except there were no grid places between A and B.  This was ok for the relatively fast (and crappy) action game I'm making, but then I had the great idea to not show the whole level at all times but to instead only show a local excerpt, giving a weak "1st person" and mystery exploration feeling. It did wonders, but the whole screen was now stepping. Solution: See what chiguireitor said. Except I do those usually with an adjustable scaler. Example:      currentPos = (targetPos + currentPos) / 2  is the same as      currentPos = (1-0.5) * targetPos + 0.5 * currentPos  If we use a variable for the 0.5, we can adjust the smoothness.      currentPos = (1-movementSmoothing) * targetPos + movementSmoothing * currentPos  `movementSmoothing` is a value between 0 and 1. If it's e.g. 0.9, then the position resists the change but eventually gives in. 0.99 and such can also make sense.  I applied this to the *whole screen*, so that it scrolls considerably softened while the player still moves in steps. Works very well.
Here, I turned the photo into something much more presentable:  https://i.imgur.com/8HEQBwB.jpg
Kills me every time the weird mods in /r/askscience approve the same stupid questions for the millionth time (e.g. "If I look at a mirror, what is the optical distance of my mirror image?" SERIOUSLY.)  "Why can we take photos of distant galaxies but not of Pluto?" BECAUSE PLUTO IS NOT A BILLION STARS! Also, angular resolution.
Well, the reason I wrote this wasn't just to point out the obvious mistake - I also hadn't seen the comment in question yet because it is ... *somewhere*. The two comments I objected to, however, knew precisely what they were talking about. Thanks for the link.
My bad. Thanks.  (Good thing I chose to say it mildly.)
What certainly can't be healthy to eat is what one of the "Dner Kebap" eateries where I live are doing: They are sharpening the large knife which they use to cut the meat from the flesh cylinder with a handheld electrical grindstone. So far so good.  But they're doing it in the room with the meat and all the ingredients (salad), usually quasi aimed at the meat. You see glowing red hot sparks flying off all the time. What are they? They are glowing red hot metal pieces which then become "invisible" because they stop glowing, but they are still metal pieces.  Even if (And that's a big if.) they "burn up" like this, you can be sure that at least some actual razor sharp metal bits land in your food. They were not fazed when I inquired about this problem. I don't eat in that place.
But you *do* know that 1) a lot of what the Bible says is open to interpretation, 2) the interpretations vary, even among larger groups (not just fringe groups), and 3) there are other interpretations of *God*, too (e.g. Islam), right? So, while the facts, if they were facts directly from God, might be absolute, the way they arrive at people makes them to a much too large part *a decision of the people*.  What is your stance regarding that problem? Do you not fear that the truths of right and wrong you believe in and feel justified to affect other people with are really *man-made*, or even just from you personally? I mean, GOD sayeth "This shall be and that shall not be.", but YOU choose which God to obey and which interpretation to use. Basically, YOU are God, effectively in this scenario, no? Not just in authority, but also in innocence. And do you not think that the people who live by such a conviction are possibly hazardous and/or dangerously deluded, or maybe even plain simply blaspheming against (the actual (will of)) God?
The wha? That's super retarded. I see no justification for that at all.  Does a full version not exist yet? Because if it does, you could put it on Steam and add a demo button - I've seen a few of those (game that can be bought with an additional official Steam demo download button). Well, I guess you're still working on the game.  Btw., I liked a lot that right after starting the game in Steam, BANG there was the main screen, no load time, no logos, nothing. That's unheard of and kicks ass.
Imagine to be a third world person seeing this. "They need a machine to tell them that they are thirsty!" The anger.
Ye, some other guy explained it in this subthread. But to me, it's a plothole. It doesn't have to be a "paradox". It's (Would be.) just completely against how the characters should behave, how a sane person would act.  For example, here's something from the *terrible* movie that Taken 3 is. Not really bad spoilers, because one key event is early in the movie, and this whole thing I describe is not just asinine, it's also quite unimportant. And the movie is shit, as I said. So: [Dad puts a laced drink in a place where he knows his daughter would find it, with a note saying "drink me right away" or somesuch. She does so and goes to school. In class, she asks if she is excused because she feels nauseous. Goes to the girl's rest room (Apparently the only one the school has. Well, maybe it was just the clearly closest one.) and is surprised to meet dad in the last cabin. He tells her that he laced the drink and that he has a counter-agent for her so that she feels less shitty. She drinks it, then they exchange expressions of affection. He asks her if all is well and tells her to continue in the way she did so far. So, why did he kinda *poison* his daughter just to get her into that booth? Instead of just telling her to *fake* feeling ill? For no remotely justifying reason. Well, she surprisingly tells him something of value, but he couldn't expect that. On his way out, by the way, he pulls the school's fire alarm, having everyone flee in panic and destroying public and the pupil's property in the tens of thousands of dollars. Oh, did I mention that his wife, actual mother of this very daughter, had been murdered earlier in the movie? What an opportunity to poison the daughter to have some father daughter time on the toilet.](#spoiler)  No paradox, just completely failed writing. But if you don't call at least one of the things I described a plothole, then I can only back away slowly.
Unhelpful rant: It's as stupid as many other websites (though possibly good at what it does, so don't take this as useful critique). Case in point: The front page didn't show me an example of what the site does, so I scrolled to the top and saw the logo "minds alpha". Clicked on it. Was lead to the very same page. When THE GODDAMN EVERLIVING **FUCK** did this shit become the norm, that a page has a big fucking link that leads *to itself*?  Maybe more useful: It's currently slow as fuck. The search. The example blog page I clicked in the search result. Slow bloated shit.
In general, I would kind of agree, but not only am I not prescribing behavioral changes (It's only an announcement.), but I have the perfect reason for having been mistaken again and again about the actual time when *it will go down*.  The reason is the effective conspiracy of mankind against me. Those who actually *want* to understand will be able to grasp my elaborate explanations in case those are required, but those who are looking for pointers that say "Yep. He's wrong." will find those, definitely. It's in the nature of my being: I grant every and all wishes! Why, you think, *is* the world in such a shitty state? Hence one of the concepts I came up with to keep me afloat is: "The only thing wrong about me is you."
Could you link that? Because you must have misread me, or I had to regard some special circumstances. I would tell everyone ever that I am God all day long, but that's obviously a bad idea. The agenda I have has priority, so I do wear masks. It's all love (The purest. You have no idea.), so a lie is not a crime. But I rather think you misread or are misremembering. In short: I did not just create the universe, but I am "also" God, just in case it was lost.
Probably even *this* March, too. Doesn't matter. What matters, in any case, is what happens, and I expect shit to go down this time. (once again)  Take that as you like. The idea, however, is that *if* shit starts to go down in the next weeks, think of me. This is not a trick: The shit I'm talking about will ultimately point in a way that can under no circumstances be mistaken to me. (And no, I am not talking about *taking action myself*. Strictly God-stuff. Mind. Apocalypse.)
[x-post from /r/AnimalsBeingJerks] This cat almost tries too hard. (video with sound in comments)