"Seeing Purple" Five Nights at Freddy's Creepypasta (PART 10)
"Assimilation" The Thing Fan Fiction {Narration}   Link to audio story - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=38lG2pIizMc  Any other awesome series or stories that you'd want read? Feel free to request!
Don't write off the possibility of demonic involvement. I remember experiencing this multiple times, having a feeling of another presence within the room, and only alleviating when I called upon the name of Jesus. It also would happen right when I started feeling courageous about my faith and considered stepping out further than my comfort zone. I know /r/christianity likes to take the more naturalistic approach to most topics like this and psych related topics, but remember, we battle against not flesh and blood, but the principalities of spiritual darkness. So, never discount the presence of Lucifer and his minions and look to Jesus in prayer and humility, as his authority is above all - and we are His children. Fear Not.
"The Lottery" (1948) - 'Lottery in June, corn be heavy soon'    Audiobook - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YmPmdJO-zYs  Shirley Jackson's 1948 classic -      Children gather stones as the adult townsfolk assemble for their annual event, which in the local tradition is practiced to ensure a good harvest
"In Between the Static" - interdimensional horror
Yeah, I never understood the appeal of Keighly. Because, in reality, his experience really only extended to Gametrailers.com before he sold out to Spike TV. He also just seems pale and boring. Not a bad guy, just underwhelming in the realm of television. Whatevs.
Come-on-a-Yayy-HAA!!
"The Star"a luminous object has erupted into the Solar System with Earth in its catastrophic trajectory [H.G. Wells]   Link to audiostory: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4R3G-P4WZ0   Being credited with having created a science fiction subgenre depicting a planet or star colliding, or near-colliding with Earth, H.G. Wells apocalyptic short story stills hold relevancy in readers imaginations to this day.   What are your thoughts on this Sci-Fi Classic?
Thank you! I have more if you wanna read it :)
Please can we stop? Every day, Reddit. Every day I have to see this same thread start. We get it, we've seen the movie. Take your precious karma and leave. And for the love of CHRIST! Let me just skip ahead and let you know your Pun Thread is terrible, uncreative, and utterly bottom shelf humor. Seeing these threads is worse than seeing 'Cops' on G4tv. Which is gone btw, and most likely will soon happen to Reddit, because of worthless content like this. The pencil art is good btw.
Themes of the game aside, it's still a game. When I play max payne or gta, it is just fun to kill people. To play a shooter of any sort and enjoy it, only to knock another shooter for its themes is outright hypocritical. Just because this game "appears" to be deriving meaning or purpose from senseless violence, does not mean that the character couldn't have multiple layers. No matter the outcome, this argument has long been played out on the mainstream media thousands of times and really isn't worth running in circles over. Mental illness or taking violent action is a choice and studies have clearly shown that an artistic form of game media will not abruptly perpetuate those murderous actions. If the game is fun, let it be fun. If it crosses a few boundaries, let it do so with pride. Just don't let your kids play it and we'll all be fine ;)
A comfortable read through about the mysterious murder and investigation therein of Elizabeth Short, better know as "The Black Dahlia".  What are your thoughts on this unsolved LAPD case?
Audio Log of, "BEN Drowned", the Famous Creepypasta based off Majora's Mask [Intentional][Male][Soft Spoken]
War is never good. Ever. Only to defend one's self. Our current occupation of Middle Eastern countries to combat "Terrorism" is a myth and strictly based on Corporate Imperial Consumerism.  We as a country need to take a stand now to ensure that our leaders in Washington never lead us into the horrors of War again. As for what we are involved in currently, we must bring an end to it.  Far too many of our young men and women are being destroyed physically and emotionally due to the exact same circumstances that your grandfather and all the men in this picture have experienced. We must take a stand.
"Dang it, /u/unixdrone4life ! You get off that darned /r/conspiracy right now and come rub my feet, or you can't circlejerk to cats for a month!"
Domestic Issues - could use prayer   So i found out i failed the NCLEX which is the boards or test you need to pass to become a nurse. It sucks, but its obviously not the end of the world. The most frustrating issue was when i broke the news to my father, he was infuriated and continued to make a bunch of outlandish claims like, "things are gonna be changing around here!" and "You can get your own ride down to Harrisburg next time!" (the place of the test) and "This is bullshit!" - as if my failure is more of a detriment to him than it is me. He's not a christian if that's important, and I hate having issues with my dad. He's always been kind of a douche and often makes me feel like an idiot without considering my side of the story. I wanna tell him off but I also want to respect my parents and unfortunately, I still live under his roof until i can pass this stupid test and get a job. Basically, I would really appreciate prayer for passing the NCLEX test and my relationship with my father. Any advice would be cool too. Thanks.