I love you.
Yup. [Don't worry, it's what I'm here for.] (http://imgur.com/LT7n8TI/)
[OP, why?] (http://imgur.com/yGwGNVd/)
:)
Ho.Ly. Shit.
Can..can I put my dick in it?
The exact quote is, "That stench - that heavenly stench."
I believe Dr. Zoidberg is over 700 years old, and here's why. (X-post from /r/futurama
Privacy.
Snake Eyes
He also had nipple belts, shoeboxes filled with female genitalia. Skin masks, skin chairs, skin lamps. He would make bowls from their skulls. He drew the line at necrophilia though, albeit just because he couldn't get over the smell. He would gut them and leave them to dry in his barn.  His is a really sad case. For all the horrible stuff he did, he was very mentally ill. When he was caught he spent the rest of his days at an institution, and the people who worked with him said you could never hope to meet a nicer person. Thankfully psychology has advanced since then and we have the means to help people before they deteriorate to this point.  Edit: For anyone interested in reading on him I highly recommend this book. The author is very well respected in true-crime circles and is very credible. Word of warning for the squeamish, it does contain some photos of the gutted bodies he had hanging in his barn.  *http://www.amazon.com/Deviant-Shocking-Story-Original-Psycho/dp/0671025465
Imagine you have unbidden, unwanted thoughts about people close to you dying. Everytime the thought occurs an unknown forces sucker-punches you, spreading a crippling sense of paralysis through your body. The means to alleviate that unknown force can be damn near anything. Checking lights, repeating words, the most pointless and unnecessary actions. You know that but you HAVE to complete the action over and over to assuage that crippling pain. And for a lot of us, the more you give in the more intense and complex those compulsions become. Until you're spending hours washing your hands or touching the doorknobs in "the right way".
Can you...can you stick it up your ass? I mean, its what Bert would want.
If I had the means to care for them, I'd dognap all of them...their just too damn cute!
Bowie is Love, Bowie is Life.
Oh You Pretty Things, kooks, New Killer Star, The Next Day, Andy Warhol, Magic Dance, Soul Love, Starman, Golden Years.