"Experiencing war".    Is that why they come from like Eritrea, which is not at war, refuse to file asylum at any country on the way, and don't accept asylum in countries like France and Italy?  Ffs it is a farce and they are overwhelmingly ecpnomic migrants.
Le hehehe mon vercengetrois, nous speaky speaky toutes seul le francais heuheuheu
The situation of owning a home.  If you can get a decent differential between renting out your main place and renting an efficiency, it can be a pretty sweet arrangement.  I know that couple, and even though they do not need to do that because of fiscal hardship, it is still a really great way to monetize their home.  Just look at how much your house would rent for vs how much you could rent a one bedroom for.    I know you live in a cheap COL area, but I know people that are grossing an extra 2k/month from this if they have a nice house.  That would give you a lot more cash flow and equity on your home, even just in a few years.
I get it. It just makes it less interesting from a layperson's view. I dont know him
TBH it makes me so mad. We should be courting the global upper/middle class to move and invest here, not bringing the jobless and destitute.
Patana rafiki.   You donct speak a language if you have survival skills enough to ask how are you and the my name is stuff. You can't speak in a language at that rate, but you only know the basics of it.   Memorizing a dialog or two off of a pimsleur tape isn't a giant feat worthy of ted talks. I don't get the hype.    In some ways this dabbling hyperglottism is less impressive than someone actually learning one or two languages to a high level.
Gay rights, locally produced food, no large corporations, mostly small business, tight family structures, almost everything they eat is organic   Women and men have similar job outcomes, not like the wage gap in the US or europe.    Face it, the DRC is basically as progressive as any city in the globe. I would say it is more forward leaning than San Francisco, which voted as a state to ban gay marriage less than a decade ago.
Tbh bestof and srs inevitably do it as well. I am amazed shitlibertarianssay has mods that are that caustic to socialists/communists.
Not to be an "I told you so", but while OP is in the US I wouldn't drink at all (anymore).   The risk now is too high.   I know people who have gotten kicked out of PhD programs for one relatively minor drunk driving arrest without even an accident, and while OP can probably plea bargain it down or get a diversion sort of program going, any subsequent arrest would be a lot more onerous and OP wonct have any of the first time get out of jail free kind of cards.    I also knew a girl who had to return home because she got caught with pot..
I cashed out a lot of my IRA to support Bernie.   We can do it if we all pitch in.   I quit my job and am going door to door full time now    We are just weeks away from Bernie eclipsing Hillary and leading the polls.    Sanders has already doubled his support, and if he does it again he will be head to head with Clinton. I encourage you to educate yourself on the issues and read his policies.  He is very middle class oriented, and is against free trade (ie, pro middle class).   /r/SandersforPresident   #FeeltheBern
That is a terrible idea.    She is literally the same as bush on every important issue. She is anti gay, and you're being used by voting for her.
[You are now a mod of /r/frugal]
How much is your power bill, how many square feet does that cover(sqft of your apartment) and how much should I expect for a monthly power bill here?   I was planning on at least 100 if not 200. I am not going to ever turn the A/C over 75 if I am inside the house.
Are Rumors About Lindsey Grahams Sexuality Hurting His Presidential Chances?
Rand Paul (Don't Underestimate this Guy!)
Rand Paul blasts Lynch over 'asset forfeiture'