overview for johnharrison1
It's one thing to see a good and bad side to various issues, but there are some things are primarily one or the other.   And by vast orders of magnitude.   For example,  white supremacist hate groups are bad.   I think we can credibly say that without worrying about extraneous factors.     The same goes for similar groups that espouse holocaust denial, proponents in the Protocols of the Elders of Zion, Lost Cause of the Confederacy crazies, believers that all-Muslims are terrorists, etc.   One also finds that these other fringe groups all have more than a small amount of overlap with the white supremacist racist groups.   So much so that I think we can begin to speak of them as one large hate-feast.   Right now, [/r/coontown almost gets as much traffic](https://www.reddit.com/r/coontown/about/traffic) as [stormfront.org](http://www.seethestats.com/site/stormfront.org).  And that's not including the traffic from all the other racist shithole subreddits on the site.  That spike in traffic is the Dylan Roof shooting, and the extra traffic seems to have staying power considering they picked up 4,000 subscribers in two days and another 1k at least since.    As such, the admins need to directly address is the proliferation of hate-groups on Reddit.  There are lots of subreddits like /r/Coontown, /r/GreatApes, /r/European, /r/Holocaust and other subreddits that solely exist as propaganda outlets for hate.     If they don't take care of it soon, reddit will soon have the dubious honor of being the most active white supremacist forum on the the Internet.    Hate Speech should not be a profit center for Reddit, or any other corporation.   This is something that the Reddit admins need to immediately address.  If the admins don't want to take the lead on this, then hopefully one or more media outlets will pick up on it and force the Admins to deal with it.
Yes, there is a discrepancy.    Other than an abstract "what's the way it works", you aren't going to get much more.
overview for theherbguy1
overview for aquadrom
I listened to him on a interview of him on podcast once where he used the phrase "I'm as much of a feminist as a man can be as still retain a penis".     So he doesn't even try and run from the description.    He fully embraces it.     People could only be surprised by his being very liberal because they are stupid.   Next up they will all write angry letters to the editor and blog posts demanding to know when water was made wet by the evil government.
overview for r1975p
overview for youcantcensorthis
It's even a rather simple and straight forward thing to get unshadow-banned.  All one has to do is say to the admins "I'm sorry, I won't do that again.  Please give me a second chance".   Sure, the admins probably won't give them a 17th chance, but 2nd and 3rd chances are not unusual for the admins to grant.    The problem with most of the people babbling about conspiracies are that they never think they go too far.   Since calling the parents of school shootings victims and accusing them of being actors doesn't cross a line for them.... that just means breaking a few the rules of Reddit isn't going to cause them any moral qualms in the least.
overview for JulieMell
overview for muthaseer3
overview for tutorialsmedia
overview for Savina58656
overview for SDelker
overview for jinrivizda24
I know people on both sides of this one.  I am still confused as to what actually happened.  I know enough about Reddit drama to know that not all the information is out here and generally known.   There is definitely something else at play here that is not known outside of their politics_mod subreddit.    I know Luster and TheRedditPope and mod with them at places.  They are good mods and good people.  I also know noeatnosleep and mod with him as well.   He is also a fine moderator and a good person.   I don't like seeing all the people condemning Luster and Pope when I am sure there is more to this drama.   I really have to think that this is a giant misunderstanding where nobody wanted to back down for some reason or other.   Hopefully everyone makes up soon and they all get back to moderating their subreddit.