Before watching video: let me guess, he is black.  After watching video: confirmed
Play DM with weapons that's you can use in comps. Ak, m4, tec 9, five seven, usps, glock, etc. An smg or 2 wouldn't hurt either.  Once your aim is on point, play a few M to see where you are stand I ng, your fall point will likely be your game sense.   To improve gamesense, you need to analyze how you and others play. You also need to know what your are looking for, which many people dont. Watch this:https://youtu.be/AyuJ7pIgCbM  That should help a bit.
No
The only prohibited items they are capable of seizing are pocket knives people forget are in their pocket, and any other bs, not dangerous items.  If you can smuggle a bomb through 67 put of 70 times, the program is a waste
You made some good points. That is all.
Who's side are you on? Now when the government is making an attempt to stop them from screwing us ovee, we blame the government?
Thanks for the information.
Sounds interesting, I'll be keeping an eye on it, and might even post there once I have my diet at a level I deem acceptable
You obviously had some trouble thinking this through on a logical level. I understand if you hate logic, but we have to use it.  If the vehicle is at a stop, the repair rates are the same as getting out and repairing. The vehicle will still lose health, it will just save time getting in and out.  I truly hope your comment was a work of sarcasm, and not sheer stupidity.
Within last 2 months. I took a break from ESF s, and came back to libs. I noticed the change when vetting my vanguard
Flak is more dangerous than annoying my friend, if the gunner is smart. Now imagine flak and g2a lockons are everywhere.... Oh, and only 3 lockons kill you.... Food for thought?  All I see here is "br100's vetted stuff after playing for hundreds of hours, but i don't want to work for it"
When will the air portion of the game improve?   When will AA get a nerf? Burster maxs and sky guard can destroy an esf in 2-3 seconds. When will soe make air game better? I feel like I am flying paper in the sky.  The amount of time and effort we put in to be decent pilots, is all countered by weapons, that require 1/100th of the skill to use. Mattiace did a good job of explaining why there should be a balance for skill, not just weapons. http://youtu.be/F7AxfS3FHTQ  What are your opinions on AA as pilots, and what are your opinions on AA when playing the role of AA?
Our education system is a joke. No one cares about classes, they are all boring lectures of stupid where some prick refered to as a teacher, tells you to do shit.... We learn to complete tests, little of that knowledge is used in our careers.  Now I bet since we are so behind, they might give us more work which will lead to less giving a shit, and lower grades.
1. I believe what can be proved to me. There is evidence to prove existence for everything around us, but there hasn't been any evidence of a god. I can believe that there is a god, it is possible, but there is no evidene that suggests there is a god. 2. I believe there was a man who is refered to as Jesus. 3. The only problem I have with religion is that it is being used as a way to gain wealth, and religion has an impact on critical thinking.
Maybe the sign is just being sarcastic?
It doesn't work because it is worse than the old system. You have bots posting links now, and these links are-- I'm assuming viruses. The comments no longer have a character limit, which just brings a.whole new level to the spam.  All the replies aren't hooked together. Honestly, reddit has the best system for comments, communication wise.