I am new to CC, so I keep waiting for the assholes to show up and shit all over it. But they haven't! Everyone is so nice. I hate that I am suspicious.  I am in Australia. I work in a lab, but we have a lot of staff and everyone gets their own computer, so I often find myself just sitting around Googling things. It is kinda cool, but a bit boring.  Mine was apple, carrot, spinach and ginger. It was a greeny brown and I put waaay too much ginger in it. Plus is was super chunky and I couldn't bring myself to chew it so I tried swallowing it and now it is just sitting in my stomach like a lead weight. Blergh.  My favourite recipe so far has been banana, vanilla yogurt, protein powder, honey, cinnamon, a cube of frozen lemon juice and almond milk. It tastes like breakfast! Really yummy and very filling
Well...yes. That's the point.
The article singles out this being a means to stop the protestors taking photos of the women and splashing them all over social media to shame them. In my books that qualifies as harrassment.   Like I said, they aren't making protests illegal, they are just making the areas around abortion clinics safer. They have every right to protest down the street
A bigger person *would* let it slide...but I freely admit it makes me laugh.  Also, I pick my battles and I don't do it every day. It is a every-now-and-then thing, only reserved for the really annoying people.  One day it might bite me on the ass...and I will have no one to blame but myself
Great, thanks :)
Caramel is great. Put them in the fridge for a while and the gooey caramel bit in the centre goes chewy and it is awesome.  The black forest and dark chocolate ones are also very good because dark chocolate just works with the biscuit.  The white I am not fond of.  But overall, I just can't go past original. Bite both ends a little to expose the biscuit then shove one end in a hot chocolate and suck on it like a straw. Heaven!

My sister has 3 kids and 3 step kids, aged 3, 6, 7, 8, 9, 9 so visits to her house are....noisy. Everyone either hates eachother and won't shut up or love eachother and won't calm down. I was lucky to just be on holiday with the youngest this week. I don't think I would have survived the hoarde.  But she was pretty vocal alone. Any question you asked her was answered with "No" until she realised what you were asking...and then it was a little whinge for not getting the thing she just said No to
...no
This was what struck me first. With all the quiet, mysterious dignity the priests of the many-faced god possess, I am sure it would come crashing down each time they have to wrangle out the big ladder. I just imagine them yelling at eachother, trying to coordinate a big pole with a hook on it which they use to get the faces at the tippy-top.  "No Hank! The other old lady! The one with the big-ass mole."  "I can't bloody see the mole Bill, it's dark as shit up here!"
I like that one where he looks at Littlefinger like "Dafuq, did you just that?!"
Poor chihuahuas...they get such a bad rap! I have a foxihuahua and he is, like 50% good manners, 40% timidness and 10% vibrations.  Here he is looking fly in his puffy coat:  http://i.imgur.com/NPHOr7d.jpg  His name is Marty McFly
I just moved to Melbourne recently and I get the vibe that Flinder's St Station is seen as a major icon of the city, but to me it just isn't at the standard I expected. If it looked like that proposed design, it would be a splendid icon. It would be awesome and people would probably see it in the same light at the Opera House and flock to see it.  That being said, I would really rather not have to have a system where every now and then it takes me 3 hours to get home.
I am using a combo of DK yarns from my local craft store. I just grabbed whatever felt soft and was in the right colours. The stitch is a Corner to Corner Box stitch. I posted a pic of what it actually looks like from afar.  I am not using any specific pattern tho
Hey! That looks great. Still haven't got around to blocking mine yet :/  I didn't mention in my post but I also modded the last row coz I was running out of cotton!
Reddit, what is something you can share with me that will make me say "wow!"?   I haven't felt truly impressed in a while, so give it your best shot