Sadly this was true. Also you always had one... less than attractive... girl there who acted like a diva because many of the neckbeards got caught up in "OMG A GIRL" fever.  There were a lot of posers and script kiddies who were "l33t". There were ALSO a bunch of industry guys who had "adult" conversations about real network and system security issues. That was me. It wasnt all "omgh4x0rz".   If you listened to people and asked questions you could learn a hell of a lot. Learning how to sniff tcp streams with wireshark and extract binary information from sessions was KILLER. It actually landed me a job promotion when I showed my employer, a medical PACS vendor, that they needed to use SSL OR TLS to encrypt all transfers because you could grab the images off the wire. Also learning how to execute poison ARP attacks. I also remember going to cons for competition hacking. That stuff was COOL.  Sadly I also remember having to explain to guys what telnet was and how proxies worked a hundred times.  I wonder if the group still meets up...
I'll have to check that out, thank you!!
I always have extra withheld.  Yes, it is an interest free loan, but only for a period of 1 year. The fact that the cash would have trickled in means it likely would have been spent on incidentals through the year (as you have more cash you tend to spend more, even if you stick to a budget).  After seeing several people get hit with several thousand in owed taxes, I'd rather be sure I won't owe and get a nice windfall at the end of the year we can use to pay for a vacation or a home upgrade. The most I have ever owed was 50$ to the state. I consider the forfeited interest in the money as paying for piece of mind I won't get a massive bill.
I think it's a mix. He grew up in an environment where every single person around him has aims to ascend to the throne, and they don't care if they kill everyone else in the family. So, he knows he has to be a nasty sonuvabitch to keep the dogs from running him down. I don't know if it is so much that he is a nasty person, or that he has to act like a nasty person to stay alive himself. The whole thing is farked up.
So excited for this! I literally joined audible earlier this week. My wife and I share the account so I wonder if you can specify which book to read. Like, can I say "alexa, read wall streat journal morning edition" when the last thing I've read was a novel?
I wish my wife did this. Every damn day: "where is my phone!?" "Oh shit I can't find my wallet!" "I really hope my keys are in your car!"  I just don't get it.
I had a Pax 1, and between the constant amount of cleaning, lifetime supply of pipe cleaners, the fighting to get the mouthpiece to connect properly, and the weird upset stomach it gave me every time I used it I ended up reselling to a friend. It sounds like the pax2 fixes some if the issues, but according to reviews it adds some new ones. At double the price of an MFLB it just isn't worth it for me.  My MFLB is my goto vape. Almost every issue you are reporting sounds like it could be resolved with a little commitment to learning to use your device properly (not saying you aren't using it right, but the manual taught me a bit after I had already been using it for a year). You shouldn't be combusting a quarter of your trenches - it sounds like you are holding the battery way too long and the whole thing is overheating.  My MFLB is about 2 years old now, still using the original batteries like a champ.  I DO have a backup vape - an arizer solo. I just hate that the solo pulls a ton of crumbs through when I inhale.
When you have lost that much, so brutally, what in the world can really get you down?  Asshole cut you off in traffic? Well, at least he wasn't threading a rope through my hands or bashing my child against a tree.  My income tax bill was higher than expected? Well, it's not like watching my wife be clubbed to death.  The things most people consider to be problems in our neck of the world simply don't compare to the true monsters that are out there. When you've seen those monsters, I think most of the modern world's troubles just... well... they aren't really troubles.
I'm familiar with it, actually! Very good sci-fi movie.  Honestly, I suppose it isn't that far off.  Still, it's far better that the animals be treated well than forced to put in restrictive enclosures. I mean, ultimately, they are being raised for food. At some point, they will die. There is no way to sugar coat that. It's the brutal truth. But at least while they're alive they can be treated with dignity and given a modicom of respect, you know?
Depends how it's been made. If it's fairly plain, I'd say, mash it up add an egg or two, a tbsp or two of milk, and 2 slices of white bread that are ground up (you may need to adjust this). Shape into disks and fry. Improvised latkes. Serve with sour cream.  Or trade it to some of your college buddies in exchange for beer. Then drink the beer.
OP needs to listen to the sing "Common People" by Pulp. It sums it up well.  No, you may not have money, but you'll also never have any idea what it's like to choose between food and rent, or what it's like to live on the street because a boss decided his son needed the job more than you before rent was due. You'll always have a safety net. A lot of people dont have that luxury.  I'm not trying to belittle your situation OP, but it sounds like you have a lot more than you realize.
Is it normal to hit a wall when you're beginning?   I've been playing since july of last year, so I absolutely still a beginner. With my teacher I have been working through the christopher parkening method books (still on volume 1). We have splashed in some other material (some chord work with folk music). I've been practicing about an hour to 1.5 hours a day. In addition, over the past month and change I have been mussing around with a strat that a friend is letting me long-term-borrow along with an application called rocksmith - usually another hour to another hour and a half a day.  However, I seem to be hitting a pretty heavy wall. My teacher had been assigning 3-4 pieces a week, though that has slowed down. Reading reviews, apparently one of the big criticisms of the Parkening books is that they have a HUGE ramp up in difficulty.   I am up to about exercise 60 (Beethoven's 5th) and I'm finding that I just can't keep up. Working on that one piece all week, playing extremely slow (15 bpm-30bpm), and I'm only about half way through. My fingers just can't seem to find the right spots on the fretboard and it doesn't seem to be sticking mentally.  It just feels like my progress has seriously slowed down at this point and I'm feeling a little discouraged.  Is this normal - like if I just keep pushing it will pass? Is there a "hump" when you're beginning? Or is this a sign I'm doing too much?
Classical fingerstylist just borrowed a steel string electric to play with - books for jazz?   Pretty much what I put in the title. I've been studying fingerstyle for awhile, and had an opportunity pop up to get an Fender Strat (a buddy is considering selling it, but isn't sure if he really wants to, so I am "long term borrowing" while he decides if he can live without it or not).  This works for me, because in a few months I want to pick up a hollowbody to start venturing more into Jazz and rockabilly.  So, now I have this thing, I don't know where to go first. I tried fingerpicking but it started gouging the hell out of my nails, so I'll be picking up some new alaska piks soon. Are there any good books for jazz that I can start with? This is less serious study and more for fun, so I'd love to hear everyone's opinions. Something for jazz fingerpicking would be spectacular because it's what I'm most comfortable with.
Just received my technivorm moccamaster - first impressions   It arrived yesterday. My wife and I have been fed up with replacing 1 to 2 coffee machines a year for years, and getting consistently terrible support.  So, we figured the time had come, so we took advantage of the 20% sale at Williams-Sonoma and placed our order.  My first impressions - I like how it's built. While it will be a pain in the ass for folks who hate washing small parts, for kitchen clean freaks like the wife and I, it's awesome. It also shows you what you're paying for - a crazy pump and heating element, with some well designed plastic parts to hold and drip coffee through.  I had the first brew this morning, and I had mixed results. I made enough for 10 cups of coffee, using their guideline of 7tbsp (usually we each have 2 mugs of coffee a morning, and measuring it out with water that was about what was needed). The coffee came out surprisingly timid taste-wise (not the coffee maker's fault, I have to dial it in). I used a paper filter instead of a mesh filter, so the mouthfeel was slightly diminished from what I'm used to. I'll pick up a new filter today.  Despite the first pot being a little light, I will say that it packed a hell of a punch of caffeine. I had to be up for work at 4:30, and about 10 minutes after finishing my travel mug I got a very noticable jolt. I weigh 230 lbs. That almost never happens with coffee, especially cheap bulk beans from sams club (I don't use "the good stuff" until I have it dialed in). This could have been psychosomatic, but it was noticable to me.  So far, I am very impressed, I just have to dial in the right amount of coffee to use. It looks great, albiet a little industrial.  I also like the 5 year guarantee - at the rate we were replacing pots this alone makes the ticket price worth it.
Practical advice on bitcoin   Hey everyone. Like lots of folks, I got involved with cryptocurrency during the boom last december. However, much of the time between then, and honestly, even now, I was flying by the seat of my pants and guiding myself with back-of-napkin math. I didn't keep much in the way of records.  Since getting involved, a number of the parties I've worked with have shuttered their doors, gone bankrupt, or worse (gone rogue resulting in lots of losses that I've more or less shrugged off). With these places closing their doors, I've lost the ability to get records of the transactions to/from them. I still earn some bitcoin weekly through online mining contracts.  So, my issue is I'd like to try and comply with the IRS advisory, but I simply lack most of the records I would need to comply. I'm not really sure what to do. Part of me wants to take the paltry sum of bitcoin that I have now (as in this moment, it's small, about $200 USD) and set it aside, and start keeping immaculate records.  The benefit of doing that is I can start freely converting some of my earnings back to USD so long as I pay taxes on the capital gains/losses, which is a good thing right? If I am correct - I pay taxes on the income the day that the bitcoin is received, and then if it is held, I pay taxes on the capital gains between the day it is received and the day it is used for another financial transaction.  However, I haven't been able to get any real information about how to do my taxes. What forms do I need? Usually I do my taxes with turbotax, but I'm guessing that is out of the question? For a non-tax-pro, the whole advisory is really confusing and I don't really know where to begin if I want to go "green field" and start keeping immaculate records.  I just need advice about what to do and how to best proceed. I've tried starting a conversation about this in /r/bitcoin but the majority of folks there just say not to bother which is counterproductive. I've also seen folks say to talk to a tax attorney or cpa but the prices in our area dwarf the amount ive earned significantly.
Just made my first real doge purchase :)   So, I've been piling up doge for about 3 months now, but I haven't spent a whole lot. Well, today that changed! http://saltsworldwide.com/buy/fleur-de-sel/  Now if only there was a spice vendor that sold more than salt! :)