Just because you can put a bunch of random words together does not mean you are funny. More folks need to figure this out.
If you would like a high level of discipline, hard work ethic, the ability to totally broaden your horizons and encounter the world in a first person way; this is the job for you.   I am a soldier. Been all over the world, saw a lot of shit, grew up a lot really quick, I am responsible for millions of dollars and the lives of my friends every day. I can retire at 39 and get a pension and healthcare, with plenty of time (and a phenomenal resume) to embark on another career. Oh, and sometimes I get to blow shit up and drive big trucks. And I can say the work fuck in every sentence without getting in trouble with my boss. I fuckin' love my job.   Advice for folks who wanna come into my career field;  1. Don't smoke weed.  2. Don't get in trouble with the law.  3. Don't be a lazy fuck.  That pretty much covers all the bases.
Yes. I never disputed that.    I don't think I would be able to restrain myself from losing my temper in this presence of such asshattery.    Just because its legal does not mean you won't get your ass kicked for doing it.
Would you describe yourself as "sensitive"?   I am not at all.. I have a leather heart and I don't give two flips about what someone else thinks about me. I am a salty veteran who doesn't fit into the parameters of what modern masculinity movements laud as good and wonderful (sensitivity, political correctness, emotionality etc).    What about y'all?   Edit; I don't mean I don't care, or have emotions, I am saying I don't spend my time caring whether someone likes me or not, or trying to tiptoe around how to say something. I say what I mean and mean what I say, and if someone does not like it they can shove off.
Thanks, I hope so too. I am done with the support side, I have had enough. I'd like to see if the grass is greener on the other side haha
Watching the news blab about Rudy Giuliani's comments reaffirmed just how retarded our media is...   I have been watching the news blabber about Rudy Giuliani's comments about the President, and it has reinforced how awful the American media is. Come on guys, is this what counts as "meaningful political analysis" now? One guy says someone else "doesn't love America" and we have to discuss it for an hour and a half, with panels of experts commenting on the implications of such comments on the GOP's 2016 race?   Why does this remind me of an analysis of an argument between toddlers?  "Up next on The News, little Joey said Adam did not love his mommy. Adam says he does in fact love his mommy. Who is right? We are gonna debate it for an hour and a half to find out!"
I am ecstatic. As a libertarian-republican, I adamantly oppose his pseudo-conservatism. He is an establishment republican who would just prolong the current big state republicanism that dominates the GOP.   Now if we could only get Jeb Bush out of the race...
Nope. I have very specific reading goals, to-read lists spanning years out from now. For a book to even get on my reading list it needs to be recommended from a respected source.  I get most of my books from the library. I only buy books I know would add value and dimension to my personal library, I have specific qualifications.  I also don't like the idea of subscription boxes.
There is no wiggle room. In relation to your first quote, we consider the standards *goodband necessarily deduced from scripture.*.  Your second quote proves my point. It says that the circumstances regarding the worship and order of God's church *according to the general rules of the Word, which are always to be observed*  Read section XXI. That is where the RPW is explicitly stated thusly  T*he acceptable way of worshipping the true God is instituted by Himself, and so limited by His own revealed will, that He may not be worshipped according to the imaginations and devices of men, or the suggestions of Satan, under any visible representation, or any other way not prescribed in the holy Scripture.*
Libertaran here.  I would not say Pres. Obama is a socialist, he is a progressive democrat.   We disagree on the role of the state. We believe the markets should be free, and nobody should be forced to pay for other's welfare. We believe welfare should be accomplished through voluntary association (i.e. charity, relgious organizations, and non-profits.) We believe the state should not force contracts on people. It is up to each individual to negotiate and decide what contract he is willing to work for (or join a union voluntarily to band together to bargain collectively).   There are some things I do agree with progressives on. For example, open borders, drug legalization, marriage equality etc.  Libertarians and Republicans are *nowhere* near alike.
I believe in bettering the world we live in through voluntary action and free choice, not through the government trying to do it through force.  What kind of world would it be if the government told me what I was allowed to work for? Am I not an individual? Why should they force me to accept their conditions? I want nothing to do with them, yet they are going to force me to work for 7 paid sick days, thus removing yet one more thing that might distiguish me from other job applicants.  I say leave me the hell alone. What benefits I choose to work for is none of their damn business. If someone else wants 7 paid sick days, 15 dollars an hour, etc, they can go find that job. If I am willing to work for less, with no sick days, why shouldn't I be allowed to?
92Y, Unit Supply Specialist.  You spend most of your time outdoors. Oftentimes they get called away on special missions to help others. Sometimes they have to prepare short speeches to give in the local "soldiers only" forums, and they win special medals for properly explaining themselves.  They are always on the front lines, truly the tip of the spear. Everyone in the military calls them "the SEALs of the Army". Not everyone can make it, but if you think you are up for it, go for it!
I see now, sorry.
I love MC Lars's stuff. He is a English geek who became a hip hop artist, using hip-hop to teach literature.  [Here](http://youtu.be/1ucYtOk_8Qo) is his TEDx talk entitled *The hip-hop of Shakespeare*  And [here](http://youtu.be/lR7NmXdEMCg) is one of my favorite songs by him, an adaptation of Poe's *Annabel Lee* into hip-hop.  Be forewarned, he is quirky as hell.
Y'all really disappointed me.   This sub is full of recommendations for *The Name of The Wind*. It's been on my TR list for a long time, but after hearing all the hype I moved it to the top of my list. I was very disappointed. Kvothe was really unbelievable for me. He was just too flawless. The magic system seemed heavily borrowed from Earth sea. I didn't hate it, I'm actually really interested to read the new book about Auri (the underthing was my favorite part) but the book only got three stars from me.
Do you go for more traditional style bers, or do you prefer cutting edge beers?   Me, I like traditional beer styles. Stouts are my favorites, and I also love the traditional ale styles. I rarely ever try cutting edge, innovative, or nontraditional styles (odd combinations/ingredients, hard liquor in beer etc) beers. They just don't interest me. Plus, with all the stouts out there to try, I have enough on my to-drink list! About as nontraditional as I typically go is something like a peanut butter milk stout.  What about you? How often do you venture into the new styles of the beer world?  Edit; sorry about the spelling mistake in the title. I cannot type well on a tablet.