I'll try, thanks so much x
That's exactly it!
Thanks, you're so kind ♡
Oh good god. It's a great idea and thank you but origami is so frustrating. I get what you mean in the last paragraph though :) I love helping kids construct things :)
I'm leaning towards writing and drawing, I always come back to them. I don't really see the point of doing things I don't enjoy or that frustrate me. I doubt people feel that way very often or they wouldn't keep it up. I've never kept anything I've written or drawn, I always throw it out or delete it, I get that angry at my own work.
Wow! Your reply made me laugh :) thanks for such a detailed response. I've got all your links open in the other tabs and I'm going to check them all out.   Your last paragraph got me the most, it really hit home (I do have a confidence and self-esteem problem) I'm going to use it as motivation! Thanks again ♡
I don't really enjoythe process of anything if I spend hours of work and I've nothing to show for it though :/
Yes! Exactly my thoughts! He'd always close his notebook and that was the signal a session was over.  Thanks, you're so sweet!
I like that advice ♡
Yeah I have heard that. I just couldn't afford to at the time. Nah, I don't.
I find it really discouraging when I don't make progress though :/ I took up guitar too actually, no clue how people play it. music is really mathematical to me.
Wow that bird is gorgeous!
Adventure time :)   I would go back but it's so expensive. It's almost a day's wages for an hour session of just taking to someone who doesn't talk back to me.
I bought a drawing software for my tablet recently and I've been kinda...doodling haha.
Hadn't heard the word anhedonia until you mentioned it, seems fitting. I do genuinely try new things all the time but I just can't find a single thing I'm good at. I want something I can do when I'm bored or stressed or need to unwind.  Can't go back to therapy, it's too expensive. It was great but I felt like I was paying money to talk to a wall. My therapist never gave me feedback.
So happy for you, that's great! I really want something like that to come along for me