me irl
My favorite picture of my all-time biggest ladyboner: Alexander Skarsgård
Harry Potter and Snape, Secret BFFLs
OH SHI DER GAR SAR. SAR CAREFUL. SAR CAREFUL. SAR CAREFUL. CAREFUL SARAH.
Definitely this. Give yourself time to deal with problems. College is too expensive to waste semester after semester failing classes because you're too depressed to get out of bed in the morning because you didn't give yourself time to cope with something that happened because you're afraid of the stigma attached to taking time off/dropping out for a little bit.
You're falsely trying to project some image of a hysterical, nonsensical woman you made up in your head onto me. I'm not getting "worked up," and I understand how language works, thanks. I did not think my boyfriend's friends wanted to sexually assault me when they talked that way because I can differentiate between saying something and actually acting on it. I'm not a crazy person, and I don't go into hysterics when people use that kind of language. I just get uncomfortable when people trivialize the idea of dominating a person, stripping them of their agency and humiliating them, by saying they just "raped" a person so casually. I understand the difference between video games and real life--it's not like I feel like I'm in immediate danger when someone casually talks about "raping" someone in a video game, as you keep implying. But that language does connote certain things, and the basic idea of what rape is--the idea of dominating someone and humiliating them--is still present, regardless of context. It makes me uncomfortable when people gleefully talk about "raping" someone in ANY context, that's it, because I myself have been assaulted walking in my own neighborhood, as have *many* of my friends and peers.   Be respectful of my opinion instead of calling me ignorant. If you can't understand that some people feel differently about certain issues than you do and still treat them with respect and talk to them with dignity, I think it's obvious that you yourself are really ignorant.
Exactly. I hang out with my boyfriend's friends a lot, and they're all great people, but I have heard them calling women "bitches" a few times, and however facetiously they may have been saying it, it's still really disappointing. Ideally they wouldn't talk that way, but even if they do they shouldn't do it in front of a woman.  The worst is when we're playing video games and they say they "raped" an opponent, though. That makes me more uncomfortable when I'm the only woman in the room.
Well there are a lot of sauces and marinades out there that have gluten in them, so I don't think it's unreasonable or a mark of stupidity for a person to take the precaution of asking just to be sure. Maybe *some* people ask just because they're part of a dieting fad, but people who have Celiac disease are in real danger of cross-contamination every time they eat at a restaurant and need extra reassurance that they won't end up sick for the next few days. Personally I'd rather have a waiter think I'm "stupid" than be unnecessarily sick.
Oh my god, the 5th movie was the most disappointing thing I've ever seen. Haha. I physically cannot comprehend how anyone would prefer the movie to the book in that case.
Wow, that's disgusting. Holy shit. I'm really sorry and I hope you're healthy and happy, and I hope the ignorant shit who said that to you comes to see things differently someday. It's 100% not your fault and I hope you can recover from whatever trauma might have been inflicted on you. You are loved and and strong and you have this entire subreddit's support 3
Goats and lambs are two separate things, I think you're thinking of the word "kid"
Yay! You're amazing, thank you!!
I mean, from a painter's perspective, they're actually incredibly well-done. He has a great understanding of shape, light, and color. I'm actually a little disappointed that they're good, because I kind of really dislike James Franco as an actor and wanted to keep riding that hate-train all the way toward his art. But what can I say, they're really good.
They are some ridiculously photogenic dogs
A lawyer?
Exactly, and the way he kept referring to her as a "foul-mouthed young lady" and shit like that--like how prudish and ignorant do you have to be to hear the word "fuck" and decide that that is somehow grounds for arresting someone or refusing them care? She wasn't even directing the word at him, she was just freaking out about her father. I'd say that's a natural reaction, but that guy was horrible about it.