I was really hoping that wasn't the case :( Needing to know something about LSD and going to the LSD subreddit is pretty obvious, but what if I want to know the best way to poison a king that's not immediately obvious because they have a poison taste-tester that would be available to a maid in the castle in the 17th century? Or if I wanted an approximate recovery timeline for a bullet wound where I know all the specific details and can get estimates of most things through Google, but can't find anything about how long it would take for it to scar over and what kind of scar would it leave if it was treated in different ways?  I guess it doesn't need to be specifically for writers. Maybe something like /r/AskReddit, but for questions like those above?
I was going to see if I could check all three before I told you but I have to express frustration now.  You have fairy type (my first fairy friend! :) ) and I have run into about 300 Swirlix and nothing else. I know it isn't the only pokemon in here, but apparently it's the only pokemon who wants to come out and play.
Happy birthday to us!! I'm turning 26 so it's extra, extra special.
Thank you! :)
It's been 20 years, I think five minutes isn't going to hurt.  She can tell Joel was lying to her, yeah, but that doesn't mean she knows the truth. The way Ellie acts isn't what really tells me she doesn't know anything, though, it's the way Marlene acts.  We obviously have different interpretations of what happened, so we should just agree to disagree.
Yes. Thank you. This helps me a lot. I've been very stressed because I'm trying to do too many things with too little time, so I may have freaked out a little more than necessary. I honestly didn't even notice it was the weekend at this point. Do you happen to know if I have to send the incorrect item back, and how it will be done if I do? Sorry to bother you with more questions.
Hobos
Oh man that is very painful :(
She always brings pockets full of treats and she's the only person who actually gives her food when she begs (no matter how many times we tell her not to). She really spoils my dog, it's probably a good thing she doesn't come over that often.
Eyeball Collection   So the post about collections got me thinking... I don't have tons of neopoints, but they are just sitting there. There's nothing I'm saving up for. I'm just trying to make that number bigger, and that's not interesting. So after looking around, I decided to collect eyeball and eyeball-related eye-tems (hurhurhur i'm so funny)  Here's what I have so far!! http://www.neopets.com/gallery/?gu=elventhevamp :)  There are some items that I would like that I could not find though. Either they were nowhere to be found, or there was no price on the Trading Post, so I had no idea how much they are worth. Like I said, I don't have tons of money, so I'm really hoping to get them for under a certain amount each, but at the same time, I don't want to pay way less than the item's actually worth. So basically, if you have the item and want to sell it, just let me know your price and I will decide if I can afford it right now or not. If you don't have any of them/don't want to sell, but know about how much it's worth, that would be helpful, too. Here are the items:  * Jelly Spider Eyeball * ~~Eye Candy Plushie~~ * ~~Chocolate Coated Eye~~ * Chilled Eyes with Clam Sauce * Pink Spooky Ice Cream * Holiday Eye Candy  Also, if you know of any other eyeball or eyeball-themed things, let me know! I checked Jellyneo's item database but I could have missed things that never actually say eye or eyeball anywhere :) And I know I'm missing Spaghetti  Eyeballs. I already made an offer on one on the trading post.  Thank you for your help!!
I can imagine it wouldn't smell that great, but I can imagine some far worse smelling jobs.
No, they're vitamin D3. They are the same brand though!
I get it. I lived in that mess for two or more years. I was too embarrassed to have people in my room, let alone ask them to help me clean it. I just couldn't take it anymore.  If it's too much to ask for help, at least at the point it's at right now, try and clean some of it on your own. Maybe not all in one day, or even two. Just clean one small area and keep that neat, then move on to the next.
Will do! :)
It took a lot of effort and honestly, a few times, I just wanted to sit down and quit. I was just so tired of living like that, it sucks. I've lived in that mess for far, far too long. I just had to remember how much better I'd feel when it was finally clean, and how much easier it is to upkeep a clean room than it is to clean a room that is this disastrous. It didn't hurt that I had a friend urging me along to keep going and helping me out.  If I can do it, I bet you can do it too!! Just take it one corner at a time!
Yes yes yes yes yes. I discovered it when I was visiting my friend in another state and she let me on her computer while she was at work. I had no idea what the game was but I was curious so I clicked on it... She came back 7 hours later and had to use a crowbar to pry me off the computer.  I was never very good, though. It was really common for me to forget to check for problems in the city and only realize it when the whole place was burning down... :(