:)
That the Aswan Dam was built in Egypt (?) and named after President Aswan. Due to stopping the natural flooding that occured each year, the soils along the river became nutrient depleted and there was also a correlating rise in the incidents of bilharzia, and disease spread by small aquatic creatures.  Thanks to Geography lessons 20 years ago.
Thank you :-)
My husband did this to me 8 weeks ago, just before my birthday. Out of nowhere, a total suprise to me. We have two young kids and now nothing will ever be the same again.  Believe me, I know how it feels to be on the recieving end of this. I wish I could tell you it gets easier, but as I am only at the beginning of sorting this out in my head it really isn't at the moment.
Thank you! It went as well as it could have and they identified the cause of the pain and fixed it. Just in a lot of post-surgical pain today, very bruised and swolled but glad it should all be over now :-)
Thank you.
Thank you. It really does feel as though I am 'waking up' to be able to see what he is doing.  I still feel conflicted, but because I never believed he was the kind of person to treat me like this. But I guess the further I take myself from the situation, the clearer things become and the more I can focus on the kids and my needs.
No problem!
Not a bad thing at all if it gives you hope! Good luck for you and your SO :-)
Have you ever looked into Ehlers-Danlos (Hypermobility type) syndrome? Also, quit the tobacco, quit the alcohol, quit the coffee (the migraines are probably from caffeine wthdrawl).  Forget about your relatives issues if tests have come back clean, you are looking too much into a 'reason' and not into your own personal issues.  I suffer with constant pain in most of my joints, exhaustion, muscle weakness despite working out regularly (yes, despite the pain). I suffer from Generalised Anxiety Disorder which causes depressive episodes. I am finally in the process of being diagnosed with Ehlers-Danlos. The symptoms are varied and seem unconnected until you put them all together.  PS How do you have high and low blood pressure?
Hi, do you know how she is with children? We should hear tomorrow whether we are allowed a cat in our house by our landlord (they agreed to a dog but we asked for a cat!). I am home a lot during the day, both my children love animals and have been taught to respect and be kind to all animals. They both adore cats and have been asking for a pet for a long time!  In short, if you can wait a day or two for our landlords response, we may be able to provide a very loving home :-) I will get back to you as soon as I can, but if you do find another home that can take her sooner, do what you need to do for your allergies!
Wow, so much hate on an image.  Sometimes people feel helpless despite of giving blood, donations, whatever, and want to show support and solidarity. To let those affected know that they will not be forgotten. It happens almost everytime there is an incident or major event - one went round for the CO wildfires. If you don't like this stuff then don't comment or like it on Facebook. Don't disrespect other people for having particular feelings.   As for you thinking it is some sort of awesome marketing ploy - yeah, that's exactly how the filmmakers want the film remembered. With sadness and mourning.  People are connecting to the tragedy because a lot of people are being affected by it. I spent the morning trying to support a friend who's daughter was missing (found safe and well at 9am).
http://www.helpcoloradonow.org/  All the official info on what is needed.
Sure, I have to say though that thinking seems to have altered slightly since I was working in medicine and that the egg bases will always be the 1st call of doctors due to the relative ease of production and costs.  The 1st link I have is from John Hopkins. It doesn't detail the list of alternative vaccines, it simply states that others are available for children with allergies. (As I said in my OP I seriously doubt any sane vegan parent would stop their child from recieving the vaccine regardless of it's base, a good friend of mine who is vegan has switched to being vegetarian for her pregnancy to ensure the baby is recieving all the nutrients it needs, she accepts the vegan way of life for herself but is willing to put her child first).  http://www.hopkinschildrens.org/Flu-Vaccines-Safe-for-Most-Allergic-Children.aspx  The link here, has a small paragraph indicating a limited number of yeast based vaccines http://www.google.com/url?sa=t rct=j q=vaccine%20ingredients source=web cd=5 ved=0CHsQFjAE url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.chop.edu%2Fexport%2Fdownload%2Fpdfs%2Farticles%2Fvaccine-education-center%2Fvaccine-ingredients.pdf ei=y2XeT6-gL6eU2wXQn9XhAQ usg=AFQjCNFM8W-5bm8Blsi1OYx9LbTH63Ed9A sig2=byz09DebXLtdphzL2CthYA  Sorry for the huge links, I am still getting to grips with my tablet.  On further reasearch the evidence for requiring/developing vaccines based upon alternative bases is waining due to incresed developments and reasearch into egg allergies and the benefits of administering vaccines to people with egg allergies outweighing the inherant risks.   The scary part is how much I have seen today supporting the anti-vaccination programs. There are some very scared people out there :-S
not sure why I got a downvote here - I was being sincere!
came here to say the same (though agree with the rest that this is really not WTF after some of the things I've seen today)