Not to be picky, but is there a version of this in text + pictorial form? My computer isn't good at running Photoshop plus youtube videos at the same time.
Nice, too bad I'm not in the UK!
Ah, good point.  I can just buy the shirt with 17 1/2, 36-37 and just have it tailored around my chest.  Thanks.  I'll look in the phone book and start with one shirt and see how it goes.
He really is.  I'm just glad I got put onto him.  You should check out his shows, dude is a great performer as well and since he's indy he's approachable too.  I chopped it up with him for about 20 mins after a show he had in Minneapolis.  Told him to keep making the music and his time will come.  Some of the songs like "Walk Away" and "Fool" should easily be the backdrop for a somber scene in a movie.
we tell the race baiters and the white guilt crowd to sit down. Segregating people and creating different rules by the color of their skin has never in the history of mankind produced a favorable result.  Read this:  http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/1plkvj/risky_question_why_is_black_face_as_part_of_a/cd3kxjh   It's the best explanation I've read on it.  I'm sorry you don't agree and want to ignore history but the fact remains that it isn't so simple.
sauce?
I know them feels.  *bro hug*
Story of my life brah.  I'm a successful engineer who has went way farther than he ever imagined.  Now I sit at my desk and ponder what's next.  That's the problem with goal chasing... You're never satisfied.  I tried to impart this wisdom on my ex girlfriend who is grinding for her PhD at the moment.  I told her that once its all over and she has a job, she'll understand what I'm going through.  What sucks even more is that you can't complain about it because people won't understand and will say you need to be grateful for what you have.
I wish I could have read this two years ago.  (Ah, who am I kidding?  I still would have ignored the advice)  Good stuff tho!
Whoa, just let me say that I completely feel for you.  Me and my ex of seven years broke up when I was 28.  After all the ups and downs it was just over.  Like you she was my first 'serious' relationship and the first female I truly loved.  I wouldn't wish that kind of heartbreak on ANYBODY.  It's been almost two years and we're still cool but it still hurts.  I've had a girlfriend since then but I wasn't ready so I ended it.  All I can say is that you gotta try to do what you can to stay focused and give yourself time to heal.  The late breakups suck because by this point in your life you're thinking marriage and a family.  To have the person that you had in mind for that end it with you is a huge shock to your life.  Honestly, when I read posts from 18-22 year olds on here I can't help but chuckle.  They have so much life ahead of them and are way too young to be worried about it.  But I've also learned that getting your heart broken is HARD no matter how old you are.  Like they say, the first cut is the deepest.  I feel like I'm rambling but even though i'm only a couple years younger than you, understand that time heals everything and you STILL have time.  If you have a good circle of friends you can count on that will speed up the process.  I didn't have that.  Most of my friends went through this years ago and are married or heading towards it.  Reading articles and reddit posts with other people's experience helped me a lot.  PM me if you want to talk more.
What you're saying makes a lot of sense.  I think I don't need medication because I'm not severely depressed or suicidal.  I still have my bouts but I was fine for the most part after withdrawing.  It's only an issue now because I've went through a major heartbreak and its sending me into episodes more than normal.  I don't want to do meds but if things get worse I may have to.  Being dependent on meds is my biggest fear though.  :(
The memories are KILLING me today   Usually I do good.  I'd say at least 70% of the time.  The other 30% of the time my scumbag brain plays games with me.  It doesn't take much to remind me of my ex.  It could be as simple as driving by a Target and thinking, "She loved to shop there."  I wish I had that device from Men In Black that erased that part of my memory so I could live life fully without constantly being reminded of my failure.
Can you really teach someone HTNGAF?   I like what this subreddit represents and all, but I feel like not giving a fuck is either in you or it isn't.  The guy that got dumped by his ex on Valentine's Day isn't going to all of a sudden stop being depressed because of a few words on here.  It takes multiple failures and an internal resolution to get to that point.  And the time it takes for that to happen is different for everyone.  Most people have to get to a point where they decide *"enough is enough!"* and change their life.  I'll leave you with a quote from Anthony De Mello.  It's in the context of relationships but I think it applies here:   "It didn’t make sense to me for many years until I suddenly discovered  that people have to suffer enough in a relationship so that they get disillusioned with all relationships. Isn’t that a terrible thing to think? They’ve got to suffer enough in a  relationship before they wake up and say, “I’m sick of it! There must be a better way of  living than depending on another human being.” And what was I doing as a  psychotherapist? People were coming to me with their relationship problems, with their  communication problems, etc., and sometimes what I did was a help. But sometimes, I’m  sorry to say, it wasn’t, because it kept people asleep. Maybe they should have suffered a  little more. Maybe they ought to touch rock bottom and say, “I’m sick of it all.”  **It’s only  when you’re sick of your sickness that you’ll get out of it.**  Most people go to a psychiatrist or a psychologist to get relief. I repeat: to get relief. Not to get out of it"
Can I access them in America?  EDIT:  I see I can.  Gracias por su ayuda! EDIT 2:  The text is still different.  For example they'll say "perdon" but the text will say "disculpe".  But something is better than nothing I guess.
Thanks.  I will keep this in mind.
Wow.  You've given me much to think about.  I don't think i'll have to deal with that worst case scenario situation but I can't predict the future either.   I still want a townhouse but I will now expand my search to houses as well.  Since buying a snowblower and paying someone to do my lawn will be cheaper in the long run anyway.  Thanks.