SpaceX's announcement of their plan for Mars.
Thanks for such a detailed response. My own definition of success is not really becoming wealthy, but rather making significant contributions to future technology (designing or inventing apparatus that impact the world positively in some small way). I was wondering, do many engineers have the opportunity to invent or create something new when working for a company? Do these opportunities commonly blossom into full-fledged, successful products?
If you take two digits from 0 - 9 and add them, and then add it to the number 9, and then add the digits of the resulting number, you will get the sum of the original two digits.  It's pretty fun to do it with a digital clock.
*Laugh track plays loudly*
Witnessing, and possibly being a part of, future technological advancements.
That's the one! I didn't think it was that amazing, but I enjoyed reading some of it. It had a bit of humor and the characters were very likable.
It seems like Catcher in the Rye is a book that people either love or hate. Some people feel like its devoid of meaning, but some people resonate with the character's feelings. It's really interesting how literature does that.
I share your frustration! But I keep coming back to it because I love how Fitzgerald describes things, such as, “For a moment the last sunshine fell with romantic affection upon her glowing face; her voice compelled me forward breathlessly as I listened - then the glow faded, each light deserting her with lingering regret, like children leaving a pleasant street at dusk.” And he writes things like “And I like large parties. They’re so intimate. At small parties there isn’t any privacy.” and “I love New York on summer afternoons when everyone's away. There's something very sensuous about it - overripe, as if all sorts of funny fruits were going to fall into your hands.”
HOLY SHIT YES I WAS WAITING FOR SOMEONE TO SAY THIS BLESS YOU
I will try the exercise. I could use fresh air. Although I'm also looking for a reason to get myself up. That might be too much too ask considering an answer to that would be multifaceted, I don't know. Even a quote or an anecdote might help, honestly.
Considering GPA and Rigor of Courses (Worried that I'm in no shape to compete with other students).   Hi, I'm worried about my GPA currently and my schedule for the coming years. I was hoping that some of you could assess them in consideration of the colleges I hope to attend.   Freshman Year:  Biology, Geometry, Lit/Writ, Electronics 1, PE 9, Spanish 1, Art 1  4.0 GPA   Sophomore Year: (Current Year 2014 - 2015) Chemistry, Dance, Spanish 2, World Core Literature, World Core History. For math, I was originally taking the advanced Alg 2/Trig course, but dropped down to Alg 2 due to a familial crisis that affected me more than I care to admit. I'm worried that I should have taken Chem Honors and Alg 2/Trig and stuck with them even if I got a B or lower in them. Is this correct in reasoning? 3.7 GPA 1st semester, probably looking at a 4.0 2nd semester   Junior Year: (Next Year's Schedule, that I still have time to change) Physics H (this class is considered to be changed to AP, and rarely do students get A's), Math Analysis, Honors American Literature, Reg. U.S. History, Java, Spanish 3, and if I'm lucky in scheduling, I might get Engineering and Technology. I feel like this load will be challenging enough for me (I struggle every bit of the way in my classes). But, I'm worried that I should change Reg. U.S. History to APUSH and drop to Reg. American Lit. Only problem is, I genuinely like literature and it will be my most fun class. Is it worth it?  Senior Year:  Physics AP-C Mech., AP Calc AB, Spanish 4 H, AP Lit, Reg. Econ and Govt., AP Comp. Sci.  In total, I pretty much am only taking 4 AP classes in my whole high school career. My school is recognized as a competitive and academically rigorous school, but I wonder if that will matter much. Did I make a mistake from the beginning in scheduling?  I would like to be an engineer, focusing on Aerospace/Aeronautical engineering. Or, I would like to go towards physics.  But because I dropped down to Alg 2/Trig, I am forced to take the route to Calc AB, which doesn't cover enough calculus to start college with a physics/engineering major (or so I'm told).   I would like to go to MIT, CalTech, UC Berkeley, UofM-Ann Arbor, University of Illinois- Urbana-Champaign. Would you say this schedule is what colleges would like?  Thank you in advance for your consideration and replies. I appreciate it.
Amazing how so much of the universe is captured in a single shot. Thanks for sharing.
Right, that is true. However, they did not own as much personal information before as they do now. I suppose what I'm asking is, as more and more personal information becomes collected and stored, and available to be revealed to the public, how might society change?
Hey there! I'm 15/F, and I'm really interested in space travel and exploration, engineering, and technology. I don't do much outside except photograph sunsets and sit outside quietly (I get tuckered out after climbing stairs), but I'm learning physics and hoping to get to calculus, too. Music: [Gorillaz, Django Reinhardt, Neon Indian]. Shows: [Star Trek, Cosmos, every 90's Cartoon Network show in existence]. Hobbies: [Journaling, reading science fiction and non-fiction, collecting magazine articles and clips]. I really would love handwriting letters. Let me know if you're up for it. Thanks!
I wouldn't. I'd kill myself. A world war with the technology we have will most likely annihilate the human race - international biological warfare and nuclear warfare is enough to quickly weaken and destroy entire nations. During the war, all the knowledge we've come to know will be lost, and all scientific discovery will be geared towards the war effort. I don't see the point in living through it. Then again, some people might just survive in the aftermath - but it will take centuries to recover to present day conditions once more.
SpaceX. A company like that doesn't worry about quarterly earnings so much as it cares about the bigger picture for humanity. That outlook alone, acting as the primary drive for legislation, can do wonders.