Yeah, the pickup line was me being facetious and I guess that didn't work.  I agree with you that the dog pick is strange but I've go literally no other photos besides shitty selfies taken on my laptop.
That'd be a strawman argument if I was attacking you on the basis of you being a shill, which I'm not seeing as I honestly couldn't really give a shit if you are or not. I was wrong in thinking you were a shill, but that doesn't mean there aren't people working for whatever government to influence online discussion.  A conspiracy theorist believes something that has no to very little concrete proof backing it up. My comment isn't [baseless](http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/jul/14/gchq-tools-manipulate-online-information-leak), mate.  Hell, I'll even link you the document leaked by Ol' Mate Snowden himself:[here](https://firstlook.org/theintercept/document/2014/02/24/art-deception-training-new-generation-online-covert-operations/)  If you read my post history, you'll see that I don't go around denouncing others as shills. I just thought it was kind of humorous that the exact same comment had been posted by two different accounts, one of them being only a few hours old.  Trim that inferiority complex of yours a bit, mate, I mistakenly thought you were some guy in a naval base or whatever, it's no big deal.
If you truly believe "I know that if I dated an equally ugly girl, I'd be just as miserable as if I stayed alone..." then you are both and obviously have no interest in a relationship that contains more than sex   See, I always see this shit. People go on and on about how terrible it is that I'm not attracted to an ugly girl, but they never date them themselves. It's not like I think I deserve some supermodel; I just know that anyone that I could potentially date would not be attracted to me and vice-versa.   Why do you insist on patronising people like me by holding them to different standards to your own? I bet you don't  go around dating physically unattractive people, do you? When was the last time you dated a friend who was ugly? Or just some random ugly person.
I don't particularly give two shits if you don't think it's true or not.   It was a story told to me by my dad, not to you; I just thought I'd share it, but you know...yadda yadda circlejerk/hivemind, etc.   Next time try not to get all pissy because of the anecdote of some guy on the internet's father.
Was that thing about condoms for raping players a serious suggestion? I really hope not. You should take a moment or ten to think about the consequences of this if it was serious.  Nah, it wasn't serious,haha. Just couldn't think of any more uses for gut.   Requiring too many steps to get from bear to sleeping bag could get tedious.  Although I hope they would include more complexity, it's more realistic to think that if they did implement things like this, they'd probably be put in as quite simple, requiring maybe a single specialised workbench/item to turn say gut into string and hide into leather instead of a fully in-depth process.   Still, I think it'd be awesome if they added in a complex method of obtaining certain crafting mats.
[Suggestion] Fur,gut, bone and hide: Using the whole animal.   In my opinion, hunting in Rust could be a hell of a lot more enjoyable if it were to be expanded. It's cool that they've added skulls/bone fragments, but I'd like to see more things added to the list of things you can obtain off of animal's corpses.   The use of the whole hunted animal should be a defining feature of Rust early-game as it is pretty reminiscent of Neolithic life ( hunter-gatherers), and I believe that it could do with a bit of expansion so we don't just go from sticks and rocks straight to guns. The animals in Rust should be the most important resource for your average nekkid Newman, it should be an momentous occasion when you bring down an animal large enough to provide you with much needed materials. Therefore, I think more animal-only materials should be added and uses for said materials (including expanded uses for bone fragments) should be pivotal to the Rust early-game.   These materials and their uses would be as follows:  Gut: Used as an alternative to cloth in making bow strings. Used for tripwires (?), rope, or anything that requires some sort of cord/string. Also used for food, to make those drinking bag things and makeshift condoms for better protection whilst raping newspawns. Pulled out raw from animal and needs to be dried on a drying rack.  Fur: Used for making warmer clothing in cold climates, used for beds/sleeping bags, can be burnt on fire as cheap fuel.  Bone fragments/intact bones: Fragments used for jewellery, tools (does this already), needles in primitive medkits (?); larger bones used for weapons, armour, etc  Hide: A replacement for cloth already obtained from animals. Used for armour, storage bags, beds, tents, pretty much everything in Rust early-game. Must be prepared before use, this could be ranging in complexity from actually needing to clean, wash and then tan the leather in respective workbenches, or to just simply using one new workbench ( say, a 'leather rack') to turn fresh hide straight into leather.   Fat: Can be rendered down in furnace to make glue, also used as fuel ( pretty sure Rust already has this,though)  Meat: I don't know if some kind of deterioration mechanic is planned, but if so, it would be cool if we could salt/dry/smoke meats for future use.  Well, that's all I have for the moment, let me know what you goyim think.  Oy vey!
[Request] A drawing based on a section of text I've written.   Hey guys.  I'm a fledgling writer who's wondering whether his work invokes a concrete image within a reader. I was wondering whether I could give someone on here a piece of my text to illustrate. Any part of the text can be illustrated,I don't mind at all.  If anyone could do this it would be awesome. I'm not adverse to giving a commission also, if that entices anyone.  Cheers guys!
Does this game still have a decent-sized playerbase?   Hey guys.  Was thinking of getting into a new MMO and saw this on Steam a while ago, but I'm worried that it might be dead.  Are there still large PVP battles as advertised and is the community large enough to not have me wandering around in a virtual ghost town?  Thanks.
[Lip smacking intensifies]
:(
Sweet. Well, I've added you. You should get a request from Chezzprinn (dimitricatnikov). I won't be able to play just yet but I'll be on around Thursday.
[Maybe.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KPtUlXK56Es feature=c4-overview list=UU0BvmQ-UWDnDc9seBcSanRA)
This is what I'm worried about. I keep thinking that I'm going to waste the minimal almost non-existent chance I have of finding someone and being happy because I'm so fucked up socially/emotionally, and that the rest of my life is going to be empty and much worse off. I'm pretty much awaiting the day when I finally become certain of killing myself as opposed to being undecided as I am now.
Depends how much effort you want to put into world building.   If I were to name a new world, I would probably base its name off of the language of the main character/dominant culture/who is telling the story in the world. You don't necessarily have to create the entire language of the most dominant culture but if you align the world's name with the same distinct style as, say, the cities of this culture, it would give it a unique flavour.
Sweet,cheers. :)
[Request] A girl with a pet insect   If someone could draw me a picture of a small, coffee-skinned girl of about 15 or so with long, light brown hair holding an insect that is half the length of her. The insect would basically look like a massive centipede without the bottom antennae;it has no eyes, only four long,thin antennae on it head and a set of large serrated mandibles. It is also almost see-through. This would make my month if it could be drawn. Thanks,guys.