I used to work at a casual restaurant for a bit right after high school, and a couple of my bros came in to chill at the bar before my shift ended.  This girl I knew who I shit you not could pass as a goddess came in to get some food. They know I was crushing on her pretty hard, and I got a bit nervous. When she came up to talk to me, after the hello's and whatnot I made the mother of all mistakes, especially with two of my friends right there.  *laughing about something* "So like, do you come here often?"  I just hear both of them burst out laughing for half a second and then try to conceal it, and the girl smiles as I'm trying to play it off and says she'd text me and left.  God I still haven't lived that one down.
Mute whoever is being toxic. Engaging in a flame war will do nothing but take focus away from your play, hindering your ability to either stay in the lead or make a comeback. If they're retarded/Peruvian, there's nothing you can do about it.  Stick to pings and chat wheel. Only type if it's to discuss strategy, and even then keep it brief and to the point.
The problem in team fights though is that once the RP is dropped, those heroes are dead. Omni would be good but if you're playing against a good Magnus he'll either wait out the GA or make sure to get Omni in the RP.   As far as countering it though, obviously you're not going to outfarm the Troll. Do you just split push around it really hard? Limiting the Mag's impact will work a little bit but he doesn't even need to max Skewer. 4-4-1-1 at level 10 and your Troll is golden.
the difference between 1.7k and 3k is pretty marginal.  I have 2 accounts. One is 2.2k, one is 3.2k. I only play the 3.2k now, but I hopped on the 2.2k last week to see how it was.   Went mid QoP 3 games, shit stomped them and won all 3.  The difference is actually larger than you think. 3.2k is the cusp for High Skill. I'd wager to say it's 80th percentile. Average is probably 2.2k. So you're a top 25% player going against below average players. It's completely possible to win solo provided you pick the correct hero for it. Are you going to win 100% picking Omniknight? It's possible. But your chances are higher picking something like QoP, Troll, Storm, SF and snowballing.
Depends on how high you go. You're not going to go from 2k to 4k unless you're a 4k player in the first case. However, spamming one hero allows you to get comfortable enough with that hero that you're not worrying about your movements, skills, builds, or what to do in teamfights and can focus on learning the mechanics of the game, learning how to farm properly, map awareness, etc., which then can translate into your other heroes as well.  And considering this guy is low 2k, he still has a lot of those mechanics to learn.  I went up from 2.5-3.2 by basically spamming Troll and PA. However, my skill level is competent enough with a few other heroes that if I don't play those heroes, I can still perform 2-3 heroes effectively in other roles.  Everyone will tell you that it's not best to try and learn every hero from the start. It's best to learn 2-3 heroes very well per role and pick them depending on the situation.
3k
I think you could turn it off, but yeah it was stupid.   Doesn't change that Most Wanted was my favorite racing game of all time though. I honestly don't think I could find a flaw in that game. The gameplay was perfect, the soundtrack was perfect. I probably played through that like 4 times.
He played like he should have realistically. He sat in the back with MoM on and attacked people like he should have. But I made sure to pop BKB and go for him as soon as I saw him every time, especially if MoM was active.   It wasn't exactly his fault because I played the way I was supposed to, and in a way that countered him. And that's what you need to do against people that build MoMs. If you see it, blow them up. If you ignore it, you get blown up.
Mine, keeping in mind I don't use quickcast. That's probably because I don't use mouse movement and have never really seen the point of quickcast:  123456 - spells (Played WoW for 4 years where your spells took up 1 through =, so hitting the 5 or 6 is already muscle memory and not an issue at all)  TAB - select all units  CAPSLOCK - cycle through units  Space - Select Hero  Q - attack move  E - Stop/Cancel  ZXCVFR - items  WASD - Camera Move  Basically the difference I'm seeing is that if I use mouse movement, that frees up 4 buttons to use for control groups. But what I'm also seeing is that only helps me play micro-intensive heroes, which I have no real interest in playing anyway because they just aren't my style, and that's less than 5% of the hero pool. Control Groups are useless on something like a Lion or Magnus, where the only time I'll need it are if I get an Illusion rune or for some reason build a Necro book. And in that case I can just CL cycle them if I need them to do something different than what my hero is doing, yeah?   My hand position rests with pinky finger on Shift, ring finger on A, middle finger on W, index finger on D, and thumb on C, so all of the above buttons are able to be pressed instantly. I do use Edge Pan as well though, so I suppose I use a mixture of Edge Pan and WASD.
If you were going in first, you were doing it wrong. The correct way to win that lane would be for CM to go around behind her when the wave was closer to your tower, freeze her, then you run in with your whirling axes. At that point she should be easy food.
but that dopple is critical for farming.  It should be worth noting that the only reason Doppelganger is good for farming is that it can essentially work as a pseudo-blink. Purge was talking about this in a recent cast, I believe it was Starladder Secret v LC Game 2.  One of your illusions does 0 damage, the other only does 20%. If you're doing 100 damage, that means the Doppelganger illusions are only increasing your total damage by 20.   IMO you should max Rush and Lance first, keeping Doppelganger at level 1 to be used solely as an escape, unless you are under tons of pressure in which case you may need the reduced cooldown.
If you're on the same team with them (and at similar MMR), it's likely you're also "legit clueless"  That's actually completely not true. It took me 10 minutes to explain to a South American yesterday that certain abilities (in this instance Culling Blade and aghs Laguna Blade) pierce spell immunity. And I'm at 3k. Or the stupid amounts of MoM Slarks I see every other day.  I've lost every game since calibration on this account (roughly three weeks of playing) that I don't play mid. It's obvious at the end of the game that I'm the best player, I have the best gpm, xpm, KDA, etc. regardless of win or loss. So I need to be in a core role, because a good core carrying shit supports will win games way more often than a good support supporting shit carries.    It's likely that person you think is clueless does something well that you do poorly.  Yeah, feeding.
Single player games tend to bore the hell out of me, so if I want to have any semblance of fun playing a video game it has to be multiplayer. Call of Duty used to be my crack, but it's since gotten boring. I've logged more hours on Dota 2 than I'm proud to admit, and I'm being completely honest when I say this, the only thing that makes me stop playing this game is the fucking South Americans. I'd been playing for basically the past 12 hours, with a couple breaks to eat and watch a couple episodes of something, and I just closed Dota because I lost 50 mmr because of fucking South Americans.  The game is beautiful. The players are the worst thing in the entire world. I keep coming back because I love the teamwork aspect and all of the crazy mechanics, and keep getting turned completely away because of third worlders. This game would be perfect without a toxic community (South Americans).
We know what we're doing (by we I mean the Bengals organization, *not* the fanbase), we're putting faith in him. Whether or not that's the right decision will be figured out in the next few seasons. I'm always one of the first to criticize Dalton but he's led the Bengals to the playoffs more in 4 years than Carson Palmer did in 7, with comparable weapons.  Cutler's been around since '06, Dalton only since '11.   You also have Tannehill in Tier 6 even though he's started 3 seasons and hasn't seen playoffs once.   Not trying to nitpick super hard, but just saying.
Why not?
Baauer - Yaow! (Steven V's Dirty Edit)