Really love her stomach piercings, they flow so naturally :D Wonder how badly those dermals hurt though....
Nick Tahous baby, that's where it's at.
In-ground pool.   I don't wanna clean that shit just so I can float in it for two hours every summer, then have to hire someone to fill it in when I eventually, most likely attempt to move and sell the house.
Holy shit man. There are some things that people shouldn't ever have to see, sorry you ever had to see that.    Not gonna lie, thought you bailed on us (not that I blamed you, there was some serious reddit-mobage going on). All I gotta say is thanks, for both the perseverance and the foresight to preview the tapes instead of showing live like most wanted, and for coming back to explain as much as you could anyway, even though i'm sure it's probably something you'd rather hand off to the cops and bleach from your brain.    Take care of yourself. This is the sort of shit that makes people crazy. And as far as all the downvoting goes, don't let it get to you. People sometimes tend to mix up "Imaginary sorting system" with "Cocaine laced with gold".    Thanks again OP, you did good :)
Guitar is definitely...interesting.  But it's one of those things where everyone starts on equal terms, talent doesn't have nearly as much importance as practice and perseverance. It makes it much more satisfying :)
Thank you! :)
Sure, if doodles in the margins count. I actually ended up putting my focus on writing later, but drawing will always remain an outlet for me.
A great man with crazy hair once said everyone is artistic :) Gotta love Bob Ross
Yes please!!  remindme! 1 day
[Serious] As seniors in high school, what should we keep in mind while writing our college apps, especially for those looking to get into Ivy League level schools?
What he doesn't realize is this is only the beginning.
They're neither actually true socialist, the Nordic model has actually received criticism for being both too socialist, and too capitalist. They operate on a sort of hybrid of the two, sort of a middle ground.
Rochester.    Just kidding. If a city could be bipolar, Rochester would be the poster child.
Socialism
Damn. Burn.
My name is Inigo Montoya.   You Killed my father.   Prepare to die.