I have stopped cutting for a while, but the scars are very visible and go all the way up my forearms, so i really have no reasonable excuse for them. I normally wear long sleeves but its been getting pretty warm lately, so ive been using henna tattoo pens to draw on my arms in the hopes that it will distract people from the scars. its worked for me for a while. if its recent cuts, one of my friends suggested saying that its make-up and you were practicing doing special effects make-up art.
probably required a helluva lot of beer for the guy
Diana is a very conflicting name for me. on one hand I have my best friend. on the other I have my 390 lb aunt who has 6 children from 5 different one night stands.
that one squeaky spot in the floor
chemistry
for the record, I do not own the original photo. I would give credit to the owner if I could find out who they are. there are so many versions of this picture out there and there are so many different people claiming that it is their own artwork, that its hard to tell which one is the true original and who the artist really is.
drew a werewolf during class today
this is why I need to remember to close the bathroom door all the way
I took full contact martial arts for a few years in junior high, so of course there were the tournaments that I had. but aside from that, I have only gotten into one fight and it was during my freshman year of high school. Well, I became friends with the guy who sat next to me in science class (lets call him J) and his girlfriend (lets call her biotch) wasnt too pleased with that. Now, I usually don't tell people about my birthday, but J somehow found out about it and decided to get me a little gift. I really appreciated just the fact that he cared enough to even wish me a happy birthday and gave him a hug. that was i guess the last straw for biotch because the very next day I was greeted with an uppercut to the jaw. after a few more punches and the realization that she wasnt going to just give up soon, I ended it. I left that fight with a busted lip and a huge bruise on my side. she left that fight with a dislocated shoulder and a bloody nose. we both ended up having a detention and sessions with the school counselor. gotta love teenagers, right?   TL;DR: typical teenage "stay away from my man" cat fight only I had taken full contact martial arts for three years prior to this and she was just blindly throwing punches.
Anchorage, AK
have full blown conversations with my cat.
my worst nightmare happened 3 years ago and I will never forget it. in my nightmare I had committed suicide. my body was dead but my spirit still lingered in the house. I remember watching as my body was taken from the bedroom and brought down to the morgue. I watched my funeral and I stayed as they buried me. But things started to change at home. I was no longer there for my mom to beat on so she turned toward my 7 year old sister. every day became endless torture watching her get hit and slapped and yelled at, knowing that I was powerless to save her. all i could do was hold her close and tell her that everything was going to be okay, even though I knew she couldnt hear or see me. I woke up crying and went over to hug my sister. I promised her that I would always be there for her no matter what.
my cat seems to have a taste in music. she purrs and acts all sweet when I play foo fighters, soundgarden, and nirvana, but she becomes all aggressive when my sister starts playing taylor swift or katy perry. does this happen to anyone else?
a Disturbed tee and a beanie with bunny ears
spork  thanks school cafeteria.
couldn't have put it any better myself