Oh man. I just watched the first ep, and what can I say, I love you I guess. JUST what I love right there. Can't wait to watch more, thanks a LOT! :)
/r/shurima
A fox or a lynx i think
I was not allowed to travel by long-distance trains by myself until I was 18 years old. Using trams in a big city, no problem, going to party with people they didn't even know, no problem, but no long-distance trains EVER. Not even when they I would get picked up at the station, not even with a reserved seat near to the staff, no, no fucking way.  I never fully understood that. Maybe it was just that they really didn't like my LDR boyfriend and it was a convenient way to make sure we would eventually break up, I don't know...
I don't really see why it's neutral. And if it's town, it's basically a way stronger Retri, who is already powerful now....
Well, I see 2 possibilities here.   Either he is not cheating and she knows where he is going -but does not want you children to know (and there surely is a hell of issues a married couple would NOT want their children to know) - then it's easiest for everyone if you don't question it until they might decide it's time for you to know.  Or he is cheating - and she knows. Might be consensual, an open relationship thing, or she's decided to accept it, or at least not to act on it. Then there neither is a reason to act on it, since she knows whats happening.   I honestly do not see a possibility that he has been cheating this obvious and she has never got the idea herself. No adult married woman would leave 4 years of consecutive going out alone unquestioned. Your mother is not stupid, and I think you should trust her that she can handle her marriage by herself.
To be honest, I don't think you should get back together anytime soon.  It's not a good sign that you are both willing to break up with each other so easily, without really overthinking it, as it seems (which is why you regretted it, both of you).   Also, breaking up over a health condition like depression is something at least questionable, since your bf surely is not depressive on purpose or willingly. It's very selfish of you to claim that HE broke YOUR trust, while you were the one breaking up first and with a really questionable reason.  You're very young, and you haven't been together for long. If a realationship starts out this way, I don't see much hope in there.
Steel Legion Lux and Justicar Syndra are banned for their particles being less visible  I think there are more of those
My glorious fail as an Executioner   So, this one I just HAD to share.  I was playing a classic game and ended up as executioner. One of my less preferred roles, but whatever. I tried a stupid old trick and said day 2 that I had, as an inestigator, found out that my target was mayor or gf and we should lynch him if he could not reveal.  So far, so boring.   But then that guy actually revealed himself :(  Not only he was with a chance of 1 to 8 the Random Townie, but also with a chance of 1 to 13 a mayor when random.   So the rest of the game was pretty much impossible to win for me. The mayor somehow never got killed at night and I could'nt manage to get my town to lynch a revealed mayor. No one suspected me and everyone protected me thinking I was investigator. In the end, town won, and everyone was like "wat" when they realized I did not win with them.   Morale of the story - sometimes a chance of  1/126 just fucks you up
I did use my origin account. My profile lists my origin ID as well, but on my registered game page is no entry for DAO.
What websites I already have an account for.  It's so common that I think "oh hey a cool new website" "That e-mail adress is already assigned to an account."  "I have no memory of this place"
As a Katarina main, I really struggle against Kassadin in the midlane - especially as Kata. It's hard to harass him, since your Q damage is predictable so he can easily shield it off with Q. With his shield up, you also lose early trades, and you can not all-in him post-6 since he will either interrupt you with Q or just walk away with R (and leave you there spinning in the nothing like an idiot).  If someone has tips for this specific matchup, I'd be really grateful. Any general tips against Kassadin and how to prevent him from snowballing the shit out of my game are also welcome...
Hey folks, my LoL username is Deathpact Angel, and I am a Gold V midlane main on EUW severs. my favorite champs are Katarina, Zyra, Syndra, Diana and Ahri. I also can play decently with any other role, but each only with a few champions. I play a lot with my bf (a jungle main). If you wanna play with me, just send me a message or add me ingame.
on the left there is the summoner that you get earlier. since you get flash last, flash goes on f.
Grave of the fireflies all the way. When watching it, I was like "my god i cant even."  Personally, I also want to mention "the voices of a distant star". its only a little movie, and surely some people will find it nothing but boring, but for me, being in a long-distance relationship myself...well, I guess you see.
exactly. you have to protect what you have. before some filthy polynesian comes and steals it