Actually it's a re-post
Thanks /u/frank55 for directing me here, Let's see if there's any love for Holly! A 2 year old with a streak of Shih Tzu in her, looking rather concerned in this one
If ever you slip a small bit back into the darkness, you look at this post and remind yourself that it's the same person who wrote this, and things can get better!
I chose Stormcloaks because they reminded me of Irish rebels and the Imperials reminded me of the British Empire. Being irish myself it was a no-brainer
I'm so sad.   I finished my last year of school and now all of my long time friends (8 of them) have told me to my face they don't want anything to do with me this summer and cut all ties.   Unfortunately, I suffer from MDD and decided to cancel upcoming appointments with my Youth Therapist, scheduled during summer, because now that school is finished and exams are done, I presumed I would feel an awful lot less stressed.  My girlfiend of eight months turned out to be a cheating sleeze, and after I gave her her *third* chance, I decided even though I'm not much of a human, I deserve more. I'm not too fussed because I know things at this age (18) are only for fun and shit, and I really *really* enjoyed hanging out with her.  I'm so, *so* alone. My dad and I don't get along. At all. My upped Prozac dose no longer pulls me out of this isolated sess-pit with a history of botched suicide attempts and self-harm scars. I'm only in my first week of a 4 month summer holiday, with no promise of college (Irish university acceptance depends on a point system based on grades which arent released until September)   I have no-one to make plans with, anything to look forward to. To be honest, no-one to live for, not even myself. I feel so alone.    TL;DR I'm depressed and suicidal, with nothing to look forward to
It's disappointing that humans would kill this animal, presuming it's endangered due to hunting. Otherwise, it's a shame we haven't help rise the numbers of such a beautiful creature
I dont know if i'm allowed to post non-spider pictures here, but I thought of you guys when I seen this!
Thought of a great LOTR enclosure concept...   If you've seen the Lord of The Rings trilogy, we all remember the Shelob sequence. It would be sweet to recreate the scene a little, have a nice suitable enclosure and match it a bit to the movie. Then, Put the Frodo and Sam 'Warhammer' (a game involving painted detailed inch-high figurines) on the outside of the shelter. Thoughts?
Between this guy and DoubleDickDude, I'm getting a fair idea of where reddit in 2014 is going to go...
Ok well first of all, by the expensive headset on your neck and the fact youre indoors in the dark, I'm going to be bold and assume you're a hardcore gamer. If this is the case (and I could easily be wrong) I'd recommend getting out of the house a lot.   Go out to malls and observe the other guys there, not in a homosexual way, Look out for their hairstyles and types of clothes theyre wearing. Also might be an idea to look at the attention theyre getting from girls, say do they have a gf with them or is he talking confidently to a female store clerk. If you you fond a certain style or hairstyle that fits,  go for it!    I would recommend getting active! Maybe you already are, but heading for a run once a week, or playing an intense game or sport with friends for an hour is great for you. You will notice your skin will start to look better and also your body!    From the picture you look like a real nice guy and a great, warm friend. But I'd take into account the steps ive given you and try up your rating even by 1 :)    Also, this entire paragraph is from a guys view, so call this 'bro to bro' advice.    Hope all goes well! :)
8.5
Ouch!
Found this in my garden tonight, a spider feasting on the eye of a dead bird. At first I thought 'gross' but then, being the arachnophile I am, thought isn't it amazing how spiders can adapt? Foragers and gatherers, what an amazing creature. *Also bonus in-shot slug*
Hey bud, I found a seed for 1.2.5 :) It's 2475069397829075708.  It has only one tree, many resources (diamond) and an easy to find dungeon, and also some sugarcane. Hope this helps. Can you please advertise and support this community so we can find other survival fans like us :) Best of luck with your survival island :)
Oh, thank you :)
Haha I didn't make it, I found the image a long while ago and decided to share it, credit to the original creator, must have taken him ages