I had the same reaction to the heartbeat as you.  Wasn't emotional or anything.  "That's pretty cool!"  I also had the same fears as you regarding not loving my child.    You may not immediately connect with your baby.  It happens, and it's no big deal.  Motherhood may suck for a while, since the first couple of months your baby eats, poops, sleeps, and cries.  How much he/she does of each depends on your baby.  If you put effort into it and make sure you take care of yourself mentally and take care of the needs of your baby you will get there.  You will probably connect with your child.    I had a small group of 3 friends that I constantly texted with before I was married and then we kept in touch until before I was pregnant and now that my son is 9 months.... we're doing a girls weekend this weekend.  We are still the same.  They love my son, they love seeing pictures and seeing him in person and hearing about him.  We still talk and do all the normal things.  I may not have been able to see them as much as I was able to before, but that's ok.  Things change.  You don't have to do anything you don't want to do.  However, social development is important for your child and that means interacting with other children.  That may mean chatting with their mothers/fathers/guardians and being polite and listening to their conversations while your child learns to play with other children.  I'm being 100% honest with you here in saying that one aspect of being a mother is giving up some selfishness.
I consider myself a Christian, my husband likes the ideas of Jesus Christ but isn't anymore convinced that the Christian God is real.  We go to church once or twice a month.  We are very progressive in our beliefs, I actually lean more towards universalism nowadays.  I want to raise him in the community of the church without the shame that I was raised with as a Southern Baptist that was always being told that sex is dirty and evil.    I much prefer the way the Lutheran church handles it.  We had him baptized at 6 months, and when he goes through Confirmation classes around 13 years old or so he can decide for himself if he feels that he wants to continue with his spiritual journey in Christianity or if he wants to move on.  I don't want to pressure him into believing something blindly like I was pressured as a child.
I bought one.... I am going on 3 vacations this year after YEARS of no vacation and dammit, I'm going to use the shit out of that selfie stick.
He became fucking amazing.  He helps out so much now, and seeing him get excited when our son discovers how to do something new is probably the best thing in the world.  We may be having a little less sex now but I feel that we are connecting more emotionally than before.  I put the less sex on me as I am still really struggling with feeling sexy and losing the baby weight.    I was terrified he would check out because he didn't want kids to begin with but he wanted to marry me more than he wanted to remain child free.  We compromised on one, we probably won't have any more.  The first couple of months were a struggle because newborns are basically pooping, crying potatoes.  But we fought through those months together and now we have the most amazing, intelligent, curious boy and we both adore him and adore each other so much.
I have the same fear.  I haven't done any keto faux-desserts since starting because i'm pretty sure that has derailed me in the past.  Same with low carb tortillas and other franken-foods.  But diet soda was my jam, I could drink up to 10 a day.  Now it's tea with a slice of lemon, black coffee, or water.  Then again, I'm not even done with day 1 yet, but hopefully i can stick with this restriction
I'm resisting the urge to kick my husband right now. I got sleep in 15 min increments last night due to fussy baby. He slept like a rock for 6 hours. I lay down to take a nap and he follows me and passes out in 2 minutes with loud snoring. And now I'm about 20 min away from the next feeding so what's the point in napping now?
Not to mention if you have them at an earlier (yet responsible) time, they're out sooner.  My first (and only) will be here in a month or so and he'll be in college (hopefully) by the time I'm 45.  Sounds pretty good to me.
Awful.
Joined a team! Its a....   BOY!!! All the old wives tales pointed to boy. Husband is so happy, he's a little afraid of girls.   Baby boy was NOT cooperating at the ultrasound. Took orange juice and rolling around and poking him with the wand to get him to move the umbilical cord to give us a peek.   So happy!!!
Round face, want to cut off all my hair, need help   If this belongs in another subreddit please let me know.  I don't think I'm breaking any rules by asking this here.  I've been using some of the online "try on a hairstyle" things.  I can't decide if I like how they look or not.  I'm chubby and I have a round face, though it has slimmed down significantly since the start of my weight loss.    My husband says I need a pointier face to pull off short haircuts. Can any of you with more experience and less personal bias help me?   Current hair (no styling, just washed and air dried): http://imgur.com/WAZNn48  Album of "try ons" (hair would still be brown): http://imgur.com/a/dbQYm  Any feedback would be appreciated.    I know these aren't the best representations, but it's honestly the best I could do with these types of programs.
Too few carbs?   I've been on keto for 5 weeks now and, following the initial water weight, have not lost another pound. I'm consistently under 20g carbs, am drinking enough water, am meeting my macros and calorie goals, have tried IF, fat fasting, and cutting out artificial sweeteners.   I've measured myself and haven't lost any inches. I'm literally the same place I was after losing the water weight. If I had lost the 10 pounds spread out over 5 weeks this post wouldn't be here.   The only way I'm not perfectly meeting my macros is on the net carbs. I'm usually under 20g, around 10 or 15.  I eat spinach salads every day and broccoli at night, so I'm getting enough veggies. I'm on a probiotic and multivitamin.   What gives? I have insulin resistance and PCOS, so this lifestyle should be perfect for me. My sugar addiction is gone but the weight won't come off at all.   The only thing I can think of is that I should try the last resort: working out. My nemesis. I've never had good endurance or diligence when it came to working out and I was put on beta blockers this last week so it worries me a bit.   I just need advice. I've posted my food logs before and adjusted my macros as advised. They're never perfect by someone's standards but they're pretty damn close.   Help me, /r/keto. You're my only hope
Ladies! Will you share your progress pics?   I'm a female and I feel females are definitely the minority on this subreddit.  At least that's what I gather from progress pics I've seen.  I mean, seeing the male progress pics is awesome, but it is encouraging to see a lady every now and then, given that weight loss for men is (or seems to be) easier and faster.    I have just started keto myself, so no progress pics yet.  Once I get down enough for a very noticeable difference, though, I'll be plastering them everywhere.
Finally feeling better.   The past month I've been in the biggest depressive state I can remember.  My sleep schedule had been from 6am - 4pm daily, my Zoloft wasn't working, and I barely left my bed.  I wouldn't leave my apartment for days on end and when I did, it was to go get M Ms and drown my sorrows in junk food.  Two days ago I decided enough was enough.  I started taking my Adderall again, and I've gone for 3 mile walks every morning.  My sleep schedule is closer to normal now, and I have an interview today.  I hope this serves as encouragement for someone out there feeling as hopeless as I did.  Seriously, get off your ass and go for a walk, even if it's just 10 minutes.  Download a podcast (I recommend Wait Wait, Don't Tell Me, it's pretty funny) and just stroll.  It's amazing how depressing sitting in front of a computer/TV all day can be.
How should I go about applying for careers?   I've read multiple posts saying "Put on a suit and go out and talk to someone face-to-face!"  To whom do I talk? Do I ask for the HR manager? I've been using internet job boards to no avail and tomorrow plan on getting out there but what are some things I need to know beforehand?  Edit: For clarification, I just graduated with a B.S. in Mathematics and am looking for a corporate analyst position (business, financial, risk, compensation, etc...).  I'm 24 and located in a booming business city (Houston, TX if you must know)
Yet another pesky River Song theory/question   So we were moffucked again a few days ago when Moffat said we still know nothing about River. What if her entire persona around the Doctor is an act, as she had been trained to do by those who raised her? What if she is really the bad guy in all of this? Is that even a possibility?  Also, I'm starting to think River and 11 aren't very romantically involved. I'm thinking the Stevie Wonder and Singing Towers Doctor is a future incarnation, especially since the screwdriver he gave River (for the Library) is not 11's screwdriver. She says it's his screwdriver (as opposed to a screwdriver), and 10's was destroyed in the Eleventh Hour.  Am I thinking too much? This break is destroying me. Thank heavens for Torchwood tonight.
[SPOILER] Question that I think might be important later on...   The doctor saw a silent in his TARDIS before and after asking rory about why amy   river are cross.  That's something I didn't notice before.  But my question is this:  why was the doctor an idiot at flying the TARDIS on his way to the oval office? River corrected him a few times (scanner, invisibility, silencing the engines) and it doesn't make sense.  it's just a random thing that occurs.... which is why i think it's important.    Something about this is screaming TARDIS but I can't figure it out.  Stetson doctor didn't interact with the TARDIS  at all.  why not?  why send the invitations if he could just hop over and pick everyone up?  **EDIT** I'm watching it over and scrutinizing every scene.  The scene where they initially get to FL and are using their flashlights (or torches) to get around, you see a spaceman watching them. Look in the reflection of his mask and you can see the doctor acknowledge him.  I'm going with River Song's number one rule on this one... *the doctor lies*