Reddit meet Anakin! Hes so sleepy!
I wear dainese ladies drake air pants they're really nice and not super expensive
Oh yeah trust me hw scared me when he did this a lot. . Any things broken he had to. Replace that were mine.  Part of the reason i left.
So beautiful i love the style
Having same issue... I'm not getting the email either D: (Ontario, Canada)
When I eat dinner before feeding the cat
Agree i love it!  c:
As a girl i still had a nice giggle when my odo hit this today lol pulled over to snap that photo c: 2 boobs are better than 1
Team green. My baby c:
Nice i have the same year/bike in green c:
Personally i liked twilight princess a lot better. Skyward sword was just bleh. I was super disappointed by the game overall. I think it was annoying having to buy everything and constantly fly around back to the main city. I just came out of the game not liking it at all. All the other ones ive played a million times, that one i probably wont even finish. What I really just don't like is the motion controls. I feel like i'm flailing around. I don't have a wii u yet, but I was hoping that they would mostly do away with that, or at least make an optional control to no have to swing remotes around.
Just the track to be honest. The bikes were fine. It was super twisty... Not used to that and i felt nervous of the eyes on me and other riders
yep im a vet tech. Snake came in very flat and we wanted to see if there was maybe an obstruction or something causing the listlessness, turned out to be viral
I'm pretty new to knitting this scarf and the other Gryffindor one I made are my first creations hah...  I believe I used a 16" round needle for the entire scarf. Used a crochet hook to place the tassels. As for the yarn I just picked two colours I liked of the same thickness. I used different thickness for the Gryffindor one than the slytherin same needles though I prefer my scarves to be knitted in the round that way they are double thick with no ugly side c: I can provide the knitting pattern if anyone is interested.
Thanks c:
a dog learned a hard lesson today when he came to my work with this stuck to his jaw.