If you live in the US, look into getting healthcare through the government. I was freaking out about not being able to afford my prescriptions after turning 26, the age you can no longer be on your families plan, only to find I qualified for free healthcare. talk to the therapist you choose about medication options. They can point you in the right direction. There are really no "best" medications you will probably have to try a few different combinations until you figure out what works for you. Make sure and be patient with your medications they won't fix anything instantly but, can certainly help over time! Good luck! Edit: spelling
I'll let you know! So far no complaints but, its really only been played on cockatrice...
A powered cube I have been working on.   I have been working on this for a while, its far from perfect but, I would love some input. Anything I am obviously missing? I'm hoping to print it off in the near future. Any feedback would be appreciated!    [The list!](http://www.cubetutor.com/viewcube/12282)
XBONE Lvl 27 warlock looking for help with level 28 weekly heroic strike   ThyPlaidKnight  Feel free to add me!
I like the idea of doing the draft over a longer period of time. A group could just set up a editable google document, give a 24 hour time limit per pick. The only real downside is If everyone has 24 hours to make their picks it could take as long as 360 days...
Vintage Rotisserie Draft   I was thinking about vintage rotisserie draft and a reasonable way to play it, Cockatrice seems perfect. For those who don't know what VDR is check it out! [link!](http://archive.wizards.com/Magic/magazine/article.aspx?x=mtg/daily/feature/114). Would anyone be interested? This is a super huge time investment, dropping from it would be a huge detriment to the group. It would likely take all day.
Pox. He is kinda a dick.
Damnation
Build a stax deck...
No worries though, I called no homo a few months ago.
Balance because tears.
Blowgun.
My penis
People. People are shit.
Over the Top
I really suggest trying it out. I was surprised as to how much more energy I had.