Oh my god! I'm from bay city!
I totally will once I become more familiar! It's funny how different perfumes can be for people. I've been wearing Vice all day and I'm falling in love with it more and more. It's unlike anything I've ever worn. I still have to pass judgement on the others though!
Absolutely! I've been wearing Vice for about two hours and I think I'm going to marry it. I sniffed out of the bottle and really thought I wouldn't like it, but I'm finding that I really like it the longer I wear it. The coffee and chocolate smells delicious!
Absolutely! Here you go! http://i.imgur.com/uZ4NYdL.jpg  http://i.imgur.com/qYqPS6t.jpg (a little hard to catch the shimmer but it's very very pretty!)
Thank you! :)
I'm also 15, and currently in a long term relationship with a woman. I guess you could say I found my girlfriend by pure luck, but I think letting your sexuality be known (though scary) will help attract interested people. I completely understand what you mean by practice. I think young love is something you need to experience. Just because it's "young love" doesn't make the feelings any less valid. A ton of people are being condescending on this thread, and I think it's completely unhelpful. Go out and get to know the other lesbians at you school (if any) make friendship, and see where those lead you! Good luck!
awesome! how old are you?
ICONA POP
First Time Lollapalooza Attendee, wondering what cool and interesting things there are to do when we aren't watching a set   for the record, i am going with 2 other people (15-18) and don't have tons of extra cash to spend. Thanks for any help!
dont be an asshole
you can do either. and i am fully aware that we cant use I in normal research papers. This one it set up differently ( i dont know why this is just how she assigned it) the first two paragraphs (what i know and what i want to know) can use i you us etc. as well as the last paragraph
awks
Thank you! It's not really appreciated where I go to school, where uggs and northfaces prevail over everything
thats terrible, i cant believe someone would do that as a joke! And thank you, i'm a lot better now, it was almost a year ago, i'm attempting to recover
i love that one! i've read it so many times! Have you read NoEnd House? thats another one that i find equally well written
This is really well done, i spent an hour or two getting through it, ive ended up exactly where i am right now. It makes me feel a little better knowing that it's all "normal"  (P.S a little part of me got attached to the kitten in the story, i think ill have to get myself one)