You're completely right but I am tired of voting for the lesser of two evils rather than a candidate I like.  Given a choice between Clinton and (say) Trump the choice is simple (Clinton) but I'll hold my nose while doing it.  And therein lies the problem.  Clinton (and her staff) are well aware of this.  As a result she knows she does not need to pander to the more liberal side of the party because she knows they won't pull the lever for the conservative anyway.  So she can safely tell them to all go fuck themselves and what are they going to do?
...that if 5% (arbitrary number) of the population is homosexual, and this is for no obvious valuable reason...  Others have already noted it is not a disorder because it does not harm the person or other people.    As far as having no "obviously valuable reason" there is some evidence to suggest (and note we are talking from an evolutionary standpoint and why being homosexual was not selected against) a gay person in the family increased the survival likelihood of the family.  This is often referred to as the [Gay Uncle theory.](http://www.livescience.com/6106-gay-uncles-pass-genes.html)  Also, there is some evidence that [the gene that makes men gay makes women in their family more fecund](http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2004/oct/13/highereducation.research) (fertile...they have more kids).  That dovetails nicely with the Gay Uncle theory (now there is a male who can help support the larger family rather than be off worrying about his own).  In short, from an evolutionary point of view, there is a valuable reason to have gay people in your society.
I wouldn't be surprised if that was a [honeypot.](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/o2mgI4Nep-8/maxresdefault.jpg) (Basically a computer dedicated to enticing malware and viruses to get on it...antivirus companies use them to detect Day One viruses ASAP.)  If that is a real person's PC well...surprised it worked enough to take a screenshot.
We've been shipping many features over the years aimed at allowing community creators to receive a share of the rewards...  Taking 75% of the money off the back of the mod maker's work is not sharing in the profits.  It is bilking them.  If your and Bethesda's real concern was for the mod maker you'd find a way to allow people to donate money to them legally and above board then take maybe 10-15% for your processing fees.
Has no one taken note of who produced this video?  There is a distinct air of cherry picking in the video.  A little work shows us that [Truth Revolt](http://www.truthrevolt.org/) is a project of the David Horowitz Freedom Center which is a far right organization distinctly hostile towards African Americans.  The Southern Poverty Law Center's Hatewatch blog has described it as a far-right organization.[6]  Chip Berlet, writing for the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) accused Horowitz of blaming slavery on "'black Africans ... abetted by dark-skinned Arabs'" and of "attack[ing] minority 'demands for special treatment' as 'only necessary because some blacks can't seem to locate the ladder of opportunity within reach of others,' rejecting the idea that they could be the victims of lingering racism."[22] Responding with an open letter to Morris Dees, president of the SPLC, Horowitz stated that his reminder that the slaves transported to America were bought from African and Arab slavers was a response to demands that only whites pay blacks reparations, not to hold Africans and Arabs solely responsible for slavery, and that the statement that he had denied lingering racism was "a calculated and carefully constructed lie." The letter said that Berlet's work was "so tendentious, so filled with transparent misrepresentations and smears that if you continue to post the report you will create for your Southern Poverty Law Center a well-earned reputation as a hate group itself."[23] The SPLC replied that they stood by the accuracy of the report,[24] and subsequent critical pieces on Berlet and the SPLC have been featured on Horowitz's website and personal blog.[25][26]  [SOURCE](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/David_Horowitz_Freedom_Center#Criticism)  These videos are heavily edited.  You can make it seem that [Americans don't read books](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4yiCyjRgXw0) with these sorts of videos.  They are edited in a way that cherry picks to desired responses and everything else hits the cutting room floor.
Here is some further detail (article is from 2011 so "newly-released" isn't accurate anymore):  A newly-released study from the Congressional Research Service bolsters claims that the nation's largest banks profited off the Federal Reserve's financial crisis-era programs by borrowing cash for next to nothing, then lending it back to the federal government at substantially higher rates.  The report reinforces long-held beliefs that the banking system in essence engaged in taxpayer-financed arbitrage: They got money for free, then lent it back to Uncle Sam while collecting juicy returns. Left out of the equation are the millions of everyday borrowers, like households and small businesses, who were unable to secure loans needed to tide them over until the crisis ended. [SOURCE](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/04/26/fed-lending-helped-wall-street_n_853884.html)
I recently bought a 980 for G-Sync but till that used AMD cards.  They all worked great with one minor issue with a Total War game that took the devs months to sort out.  Other than that flawless and game performance was excellent.  But yeah, my last card (7970) would *literally* heat my room in winter (I had to cover up my vents and I live in Chicago so yeah, gets cold here).  Kidjanot.  EDIT:  AMD's points system for playing games that would get you discounts on games and hardware was a joke though.  I play a lot of games and barely racked up points and the "deals" were barely deals at all.  Since it just sort of happened in the background it didn't really matter but it actually pissed me off more than made me happy because it was so much BS.
In this case the existing base game is the same as the original and the original is/was outstanding.  Truly one of my favorite games ever and one that has stuck in my memory all these years (I would regularly visit GOG hoping they'd have it before this re-master was announced).  All they have done with this is polish up the graphics and re-master the music (I think) and we can see in the videos what they have done on those counts and it looks great.  So yeah...this is one I will break my no pre-purchase rule on because, technically, I've already played it and loved it.
Yes  Actually the answer is: "It depends".  In this case it depends on the size of the black hole.  A "small" (read a few stellar masses) black hole will tear anything apart that even gets close.  However, for supermassive black holes (such as the ones at the center of most galaxies) the gravitational gradient at the event horizon is so low that it is quite possible you could pass the event horizon and not even know it (or at least you could certainly survive crossing the event horizon...just once inside you are doomed).
Yeah, morality doesn't figure into it at all.  Is connecting a car battery to some guy's scrotum immoral if it means you save 100 of your guys from an ambush?  I dunno...it is a helluva thing to have to make those calls but I am thinking in war the niceties go out the window real fast.   Thing is when it comes to gaining intelligence to save those 100 guys it turns out torture is a really bad way to go.    In Iraq, I never saw pain produce intelligence, Lagouranis told me. I worked with someone who used waterboardingan interrogation method involving the repeated near-drowning of a suspect. I used severe hypothermia, dogs, and sleep deprivation. I saw suspects after soldiers had gone into their homes and broken their bones, or made them sit on a Humvees hot exhaust pipes until they got third-degree burns. Nothing happened. Some people, he said, gave confessions. But they just told us what we already knew. It never opened up a stream of new information. If anything, he said, physical pain can strengthen the resolve to clam up.  [SOURCE](http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2007/02/19/whatever-it-takes?currentPage=all)
Paying taxes is not the same as paying into Social Security.  For instance you pay for fire insurance but hope to never have to use it and expect nothing back from it down the road.  However, if you pay into your 401K retirement plan you very much expect to collect on it in the future.  "To be fair", old people receive more out of Social Security than they put in, for most people.  This certainly used to be true and early on in a VERY big way.  It is only semi-true now and depends on a variety of factors and assumptions in how you calculate it.  [Regardless though that gap has been narrowing dramatically so if your parents start collecting after 2020](http://i.imgur.com/hR0NG3c.png) they likely will not receive back what they paid in (on average).  Note that does NOT include Medicare which, when added, absolutely makes the elderly receive more than they paid in over their lifetimes (people are living longer and medical costs rise faster than inflation and incomes).  Even then the gap is narrowing and has been over the years.
People probably assume something needs to be high powered to hit something (anything) that far away.  Regardless though the issue is less about how dangerous the weapon is at that distance versus the White House (with bullet proof windows and what not) than it is that someone could do this and the Secret Service not even notice for days.
She is pretty careful to not get into positions where she actually has to argue her side.  She stays safely ensconced on her own website and dares not venture out to any but conventions filled with her version of [dittoheads](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Dittohead).  I signed up to her website awhile back to [respond to a post she made](http://skepchick.org/2014/05/video-should-women-get-menstrual-leave/).  It was a thoughtful response, not ranting, not aggressive and merely made a few points for discussion.  She swore at me, called me "thick" and yanked my posting privileges and distinctly avoided any actual debate.    She simply cannot tolerate scrutiny.  She makes money off of other's outrage and is happy to stoke those fires.  She has no interest in the truth.  Why they keep her on the Skeptic's Guide to the Universe is beyond me.
I'm with you and the problem is restaurants like to put it in damn near every thing they possibly can.  Ok, a bit of hyperbole but seriously, it is pervasive cuz it is healthy or some shit.  As noted there is a portion of the population genetically disposed to not liking it (and I am one of them) so it is not even a matter of learning to like it.  It is fine that some dishes use it as no one expects every dish to be to their liking and some people genuinely like the stuff.  But it need not be on nearly as many dishes as it is.  Is it really necessary in every bowl of salsa in every Mexican restaurant ever?  It is really necessary on practically every dish at Wow Bao? (I always ask them to hold the cilantro yet almost invariable they drop it on the dish anyway.)  I do not know if everyone is like this but I feel like the princess in the Princess and the Pea story when it comes to cilantro.  I swear I can taste one speck of that shit if it is anywhere in the dish.
This is an asshole cop shooting a guy. Im not setting up a new system here. Im not reforming the courts and laws. I just dont care if these kind of scumbags get shot.        Don't start going down that rabbit hole and reading too deep into my comments.  Seems pretty clear you are fine with police dispensing summary judgment on anyone who robs a store and ok with them imposing the death penalty for that crime as a just and proper punishment.  Judge, jury and executioner all rolled into one.  When suggesting such things you need to consider how you'd feel if this was done to someone you care for.  Imagine your brother or sister (or best friend) robs a store and a cop rolls up and guns them down.  You'd be ok with that?
If this is [the song](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JGJmt5HNTTg) you are referring to then they definitely took samples from the song I linked to.  Great songs both.  And I know what CJ was after hence my winky face.  I just saw the link to Nina Simone's song in your title and photo so had some fun with it is all.