Thank you :)
Well, this news has affected me in a way I never thought possible. Although this sounds completely juvenile and petty (because it is) I've been actively supporting any team that plays Liverpool for years and years, and praying that they don't win the league while Gerrard is there, because I just can't stand the guy, and thought I'd have a right laugh when he retired with no league medals.  But now that it looks like it's actually happening, I find that I'm actually really saddened by it, which I was not expecting at all! He's like the Dan Marino of football!  Best of luck to the guy wherever he goes, he's definitely one of the PL greats.
I've never really understood this line of thinking to be honest - that to be considered the greatest of all time he has to have a World Cup title under his belt. He could have played the game of his life, but still lost the final due to someone else's fuck up. It shouldn't affect his personal status as a player IMO.
Is this just a random pic? Or is she a known model? If anyone can ID her I'd be very grateful, she's sexy as fuck!
It's Alia Janine - who I happen to think is the best tit fucker out there :)  [I think this is the source](http://www.youporn.com/watch/8491376/alia-janine-handjob-and-titfuck/). It's not great quality I'm afraid, sorry.
a weird cut away.  This is one of the main reasons I dislike cutscenes or actual gameplay that's from a sort of dreamlike point of view - I always feel like it's a cut away, no matter how it's presented, and I just never enjoy them. I have no idea what makes me feel that way, but it does!  I'll definitely play through them on my second playthrough, but for now I'll pass on them. I've already gotten 100% Zerg research which is nice :)
Black dress (x-post from /r/tightdresses)
Full length and cleavage shot
It could just be the old cynic in me, but please tell me I'm not the only one who enjoys these pictures from a photographic viewpoint, but finds the quotes that follow just absolute pretentious nonsense. Is this what these people are actually meant to have said at the time? Or were they allowed to go away and think about something and send it in? I only ask because I have never met anyone who speaks even remotely like almost all of these people, and reading them makes me grateful that that's the case!  EDIT: Changed wording
Long legs in high heels (from /r/highheels)
I've sent a message to the mods to ask if this picture is suitable for this sub. Obviously it's tight around the upper body, but not the lower half. Would be interested in the general consensus.
Tina O'Brien (x-post from /r/highheels)
Ah thanks mate :-) I think I've always just called light blue turquoise so I'll be more careful in the future.
Tight grey sweater
Pink top
Blonde in sweater dress