It's not a matter of disagreeing, it's a matter of being dramatic over nothing.   The regime will not do anything to you! We don't live in medieval times, not even North Korea. You're a foreigner. They can't just do anything they please with you, unless "you ask for it". Plus you will be in contact with normal Koreans because most are normal. There are probably more normal people there than wherever you live in now. The not normals are high ranking officials, and there's no way in hell you'd be given the opportunity to meet any of them.   When was the last time you heard about a tourist who did nothing wrong, but who got sent in prison by North Korea? Never happened, and never will. North Koreans are not stupid!
French being my first language, orthography is a little more strict. We have those 'special' characters, like the 'cédille' (  ¸ ), the 'tréma' ( ¨ ), the 'accents' like 'aigu' ( ´ ), the 'grave' ( ` ) and the 'circonflexe' ( ^ ).   When I turned 13, I started writing full words again, but I would always omit these characters because I was lazy haha. For instance, this sentence: La tronçonneuse a découpé le seul arbre à thé de l’île thaïlandaise (the saw cut the only tea tree of the thai island).   I would write it like: la tronconneuse a decoupe le seul arbre a the de lile thailandaise.  I would also omit apostrophes, and some of those words that end with -é, I would end them with -er because it's the same sound.   I think at the age of 15 and to this day, I tried my best to go as far as writing those characters, check my grammar, use my punctuation properly, etc.   I like writing well, though lately I've been into some abbreviations like ngl (not gonna lie), nbg (no big deal), irl (in real life). But I'm most probably going write "If I recall correctly" instead of IIRC, or "As soon as possible" instead of ASAP.   And my grammar sucks in all languages as speak. :(
I recommend this, too! Though personally I hate the heat, summer, the sun, etc. so I don't walk anymore. I take the train though. Yesterday, I bought pizza and I just sat on the train until the very end. Then I went to the opposite terminus, and then back home again. I had a good meal, it was a great opportunity to people watch, I reached the airport as well (though it's not that busy of an airport, so I saw no takeoff or landings :( )  It's the best.
If you read what I wrote, you wouldn't be wondering what I just said. I said, the smell spreads out of my vagina, and is like an aura around me. That is an issue. I don't want my bedroom to smell like my vagina. I don't want to go out and have people look around, wondering who's having an hemorrhage on the bus. I don't think that shit is normal, or we would be hearing about it. A lot.
When you try to be nice and it fires back.   (Hopefully the person in question doesn't know Reddit)  (edit) Crap I got the title wrong. I mean, the expression wrong. Spot the non-English speaker!   So I was trying to be nice to this "friend" from college. She's visiting the country, visiting as many cities as possible, and I was like "Hey! Come and stay at my place for a few days!" and she was all "Yes! Of course!"  To put everything into context: I live with a host family, who from the very beginning told me it would be okay to invite people to sleep at their place (I don't know why this topic came up, I never asked them because I never planned on inviting people). Fastforwards few months later, that friend tells me about her plans.   Fastforward to the past couple of days. One, she doesn't want to spend as much days as she originally planned. Ok cool. Whatever. Thought we were friends but whatever. Second, she's just told me that she may come at a later date to visit another city before. Um. No? I have told the host family I'm with that you were coming on a set date. Don't be changing it all the time. They are putting aside some of the things they have planned to welcome you, too. And then she asked me, and I fucking swear: What does they have to do with me?  WHAT? WHERE DO YOU THINK YOU'RE SLEEPING? This is not a fucking hotel!   I'm cool. I just need enough courage to tell the girl not to come. I don't deal with princesses.   Anyway. How was your day? I hope better than mine! :D
Thank you so much! : )
Yeah good thing you missed it. It was crap. Well, it was "good", which is bad. It was so formal, everyone or almost sang ballads. It was boring as hell. I'm a little bummed because it's my first time watching it live from Europe, and all the clips I'd see online were of silly people doing unholy or just batshit crazy things. Yeah. None of that this year.   The most exciting moment so far is Conchita Wurst's short wig. And she just appeared with it, and voting is already closed.
I understand your point, but you also have to understand the hypocrisy of this. If it were a woman, we would be saying nothing at all. We would be applauding her, calling her generous, brave, etc. Actually that happens quite a lot. Think of teachers who grow fund of a student who happen to have a shitty life at home, etc. Yeah. We wouldn't be saying anything. But we're conditioned to be more aware of red flags when it's a man.  Not saying he *can't* be doing anything wrong, but from the little we know, I don't think it's wise to go directly to that conclusion.
I have tried many times but I lose interest immediately. I don't want to do anything with myself, because everything else is boring, which reminds me of the fact that I can't feel pleasure anymore, which in itself is quiet depressive. I don't know. I wish I had another brain. A brain without depression and/or anxiety and/or that stupid personality disorder. I feel restricted in my actions, thoughts and emotions. It really sucks.  And I understand where you're coming from. Life objectively wasn't so good until three and a half months ago, when I decided to change it. Well, I haven't changed. That really sucks.
Ah I see.  I'm just not used to that. Quantity or variety isn't what differentiate a meal to a snack. My brain is stil seeing bread and cheese as accompaniments only, so eating just that (with something a bit more sustainable, yes, but not on its own) is just foreign.  I hope I get used to it. I wrote this thing while feeling really hungry, so sorry if it sounds like I'm hating on German habits (I am not!!). It's just that when I'm hungry, I just. Want. Food. A big plate full of stuff that will make me cry myself to sleep because I feel fat type of thing.
They're not conservative to me. I think they're just "common" Germans. Of course there are many exceptions in Germany, but whenever I'd google german life habits, under the eating section, bread/cheese/ham for breakfast and dinner was the only thing they'd talk about.   I do not make that much money, no. I do sometimes go to a Döner and just lose my mind over the deliciousness, sometimes I buy myself a frozen pizza, but this month, I want to save up a bit. I also have a Lidl seconds away from me. I don't find anything that would be considered "junk food" besides sweets, and I don't really like sweets. Or chips, but I'm picky. Yeah. I think the problem is I am very picky with snacks (the only chips I can see myself eating forever doesn't seem to be sold in Germany). And like I said previously, I'd feel bad taking too much space in their kitchen (with piles of food I bought).   I was hungry when I wrote this thread haha. I understand it's 100% my fault, and part of being in a foreign country is to get used to their life habits. But I have such a deep love story with food, I don't see myself giving up on that one just yet ...
Coming from a 3rd world country, I gotta say ... the western media is dramatic as hell. Of course, Canada (I lived there as well) is much safer than Mexico in general, but Mexico is not a hell hole. You're not going to get killed, you're not going to get raped. Just be smart about your every move. Don't venture in the streets too late at night, don't go places where you know they're not used to seeing tourists, especially since you're clearly a foreigner. If you're a girl, try not to be on your own. Don't go to areas where there are tons of crimes (again, usually areas where tourists don't go to). Going to foreign country shouldn't be an excuse for you to be less vigilant. Pretty sure wherever you are in Canada, there's an "unsafe" part of town, and I'm pretty sure you've been there and survived. As for foreigners being robbed, try going to Paris for a week and see how easily pickpocketed you will get.   As for natural happenings, it's a tropical country. Of course it's going to rain. Monsoons aren't so bad. In fact, they're pretty fun, as long as you don't venture around a place where a current could drag you to the ocean or something. Hurricanes and other more important 'disasters', there are plenty of warnings, especially in a country like Mexico where there are tourists all the time.   Seriously. If a country is really unsafe, you wouldn't easily find a way to travel to it. You would be bombarded with warnings while trying to purchase tickets. Mexico is not one of them. Of course, it's really unsafe in certain places, but the entire country is not a war zone.   Oh, and HAVE FUN! It's a great country. Tons of friendly people, yummy food everywhere. Don't use too much toilet paper though! Their toilets are easily clogged (learned this the hard way)!
I bought this! To be honest, going through the pages a couple of times is fun. Then you just store it somewhere until to make friends to show it off to.
Hey, I understand this. Actually, I am at this awkward age where you're legally an adult, but no one, including yourself, would consider you to be one. I can't wait to be 25+ years old. I want to have my life together, to be fully responsible ...  I do "work", though I consider it to be more fun than demanding. I don't pay taxes yet, I may live away from family, but most of my expenses are still paid (it came with the "job"): so free boarding.   I took a gap year from college, actually, in order to get this job. I can't wait to go back to school, get my Master's and be done with my school life. I can't wait to be a real adult.
Thanks for the reply. I'm sorry if I came off rude; it was the accumulation of many people wondering, despite knowing that I'm asexual, why I don't have sex.   And I know, many gay men choose to be with women, but they are the type of people, like you said, who are understanding and willing to work things out in order to make their relationship successful. Actually, a couple of kids from college once said they wanted to be parents together, without being in a relationship. They would get married if need be (they wanted to adopt), but they knew for a fact whatever love they have for each other was strictly platonic, nothing romantic or sexual. I don't know how they're doing right now though. (I remember them saying neither liked long-term relationships, but still wanted children).   I personally thought about such plans or compromises for the sake of my future children (back when I really thought I would hurt them by being single), and also because I'm human and I haven't completely given up on finding love yet (but it's getting there). I said to myself that I would not mind having a husband who sleeps around, as long as I knew when he was doing whatever he would be doing, and with whom. And of course, as long as the love remained reciprocal. There is no risk of jealousy, since I do not envy sex or sexual intimacy at all. But I very, very much doubt that there is such a human being on Earth right now, who can have sex with literally any (consenting!) person they wish, but who would still come back home to a sexless relationship and a demanding life as a parent. I don't think the love would remain for very long, especially with someone like me who has no amazingly attractive traits at all.
Thank you for this. I'm struggling to be fun, to be honest. I have such a mellow attitude, only very young children can be tricked into believing that I am a fun person. Thank goodness the child I am looking after is one year old. However even with him, I feel like I'm not doing enough. Oh well :/