Very sad situation. It sounds like you're a great guy, and I feel for you dude. I don't understand her end game though. You said she has an agenda. What is it? Why is she keeping her kids from a good father? And then being plain mean to him? Just...wtf!?!!
"Forgetful tourist?"
And the jewelry?
Oh jeez this is depressing.  There's a lot of money to be had in China. All you got to do is have a degree (which you do), speak English (which you do), and be relatively attractive.  Plus, if you like it enough, you can just stay here and never pay your loans ever!
Can anyone identify what guitars/pedals/effects are being used in this song?   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0DZrLryJCnI  Jesus and Mary Chain - "I Hate Rock and Roll"
Living amongst them. The three things I noticed within the first twenty minutes after leaving the airport were 1) Traffic laws were a suggestion 2) Spitting and burping is appropriate behavior 3) Smoking is cool anywhere. Hotel lobbies, elevators, THE LOCKER ROOM AT MY GYM. After about 10 months here, I have accepted that they are relatively inconsiderate of others, they are loud, they pathologically break rules and laws, and I don't know how many times I've past a mom suspending her kid above the sidewalk to let the little guy do his business. Also, I live in Beijing, and I'm sure, no I know, it's gets worse the more rural you get.  That being said, they have many other redeeming qualities. If you think you about what they've gone through in the last 70 years, it makes sense that their social etiquette hasn't caught up with their economic stature.
Not a staffer, but still. We shared a flight to Hong Kong with this weird Buddhist monk. He was in full garb, ran around the plane the whole time, had a girl voice, and rapidly flipped through magazines. He wound up staying in my room at a hostel. He also jacked off to gay porn in broad daylight while people were present and awake. We asked him why, and he said in Chinese "It doesn't count. They're white."
I did today in front of the boss, and the annoying coworker was just like "You can't get personal in a professional setting." and I said "What. You want me to just call you out behind your back? Be you?"
OP is a creep.
This little guy being used to attract customers
Affirmative
My mom is not a good cook.
When Goku went super saiyan.
My students' grades benefit.
It was okay. He's not a performer, so the show was bland.
thanks. new.