The man should not be allowed near a gun, nor a set of car keys ever again. It is a gross abuse of authority and taxpayer funds that only causes civil unrest, the worst abuse of power law enforcement can produce.  It is here to stay and we all know it. Our society as a whole is built upon a way of life where killing was the only way to survive. In order to overcome our primitive upbringing as a species we must first take an honest look at where we came from. Once a sobering effect is felt we can dismamtle and rebuild those aspects of our need for law and order from what was once barbarism and moral terpitude into something more congruent with the fact that we are a race of beings designed for killing yet have the potential to travel the universe.
Damn. It's never Colorado.
Ok so far this thread has devolved into a discussion about food.  But there is a connection.  OP's hints:  It has to do with Michigan (an oven mitt)  The singers are The Supremes (great pizza)  I will update this thread when someone figures out how to contrive the "fossil" into this cheesy madness.
Enchanted Rock
This is about all that country is good for. The only problem I see is aquifer contamination. Some fairly complex and poorly understood, even legendary geology exists in the area. I lived out there and probably still have family living around Mentone. The stories I have heard over the years about theorized oil bearing formations and bottomless springs make me wonder.
You work in IT long enough this is bound to happen. I've trained one myself, but knew it was coming. I designed and built the system, got this guy on and trained him to support it at a much lower rate, and I moved on to building another system.  This is just the way things are.  But there are new systems being built every day, and most companies in the US just can't assume an H1B workforce right off the bat. Someone local has to design them, put them together, act as vendor liaison, make the hiring recommendations, and all that fun stuff. It'll work out.  Right?
Ouch.
Fuck that. Get up and go buy a gun. Doesn't have to be nice. Go to a pawn show and get a 12 gauge or an old .270. Hell, you can get a Mosin-Nagant for less than $100 these days, and the ammo for it is super cheap.  Take it apart and polish each piece on your kitchen table. Put it back together. Take it to the range.  Learn how to defend yourself, and *voila*, panic and fear are replaced with practicality and resolve.
Del Rio and south of Hebbronville.  It was a shivering, clear December night, the stars visible through tendrils of smoke wafting out of an old, elevated deer blind at the intersection of two rutted roads. Old rifle brass lined the two by fours that framed the inside of our lookout, and we traded those stories into the wee hours of the morning, sipping from our flasks and enjoying the breezless night. The land owner sat next to me, obviously shaken as he recounted the time when the big pigs ravaged his campsite a few years ago. As I gaze down the moonlit path, a clean 800 yards to the top of the hill, the air is thick, freezing, and silent.  Then the path goes dark near the top of the hill. Not much of a silhouette to make out, just a dark area blotting out the entire width of the road way out there, too far to see with the naked eye at night. My 9x scope on my 22-250 was built to pick off javelina the next day, as were the Barnes TSX Varmint Grenades built into the tips, but my buddy had a 14x on his 30-06.   All this passed through my head as I said, "Give me the gun", interrupting his story.   I painted the road with the cross hairs at the top of the hill, and I what I saw blew my mind. It gives me chills just writing this. This pig's nose was on one side of the road and it's tail was on the other, but it was at least a 650 yard shot. A factory load at this distance would have to hit a pig that size clean through the eyes to knock him down. No wind, but I'd never shot this gun before and wasn't sure how it was sighted. I ran a few clicks on the elevation and took a deep breath, letting it half way out as my finger grew tighter on what was undoubtedly a hair trigger, adjusting the height of the cross hairs ever-so-slightly with what I knew about how to distance a shot.  Then it was gone. Poof into the 10' high dry, thorny scrub that only South Texas can produce, scrub only a hog of massive proportions could create a game trail in.  "It's gone!", I had missed my opportunity. But then, just as I said that and handed back the gun, another blob popped up a little further down the road.  This one was even bigger. I stared down my 9x and my buddy drew a mark with the 14x, but before he could muster the breath to steady his aim, this giant animal too was gone like a ghost. Then another one darted across the road, followed by a few smaller ones that looked pretty damned big themselves.  I might never know how much those hogs weighed that could block an entire lane of traffic, but I'll tell you one thing. The sound that guy made when he was describing them made me shit my pants a little, and by the time the sun came up that morning I was a believer.  Now I don't mind people getting on me about smoking in a deer blind. We were up high, the smoke was going straight up, and we weren't there to knock out big bucks. We were there to have an excuse to get drunk and bullshit with each other for hours on end without our wives telling us to come inside. All things considered, if smoking in a deer blind keeps hogs that big at 650 yards, I'm keeping a carton in the next one.  Laugh now, but if I could show you the 4x4 at the campsite gate that got chomped nearly clean in half, you'd be smoking too. It might actually increase the life expectancy of a big game hog hunter.  Also helped justify the cost of buying a 44 magnum and working up Ruger-only loads for it. I've owned that magnum since about a week after this hunting trip. If you want a 44 magnum show your wife some pictures of a giant hog and tell her they live where you hunt. She might even buy you one for your birthday. If she buys you a 380 after showing her the big hogs, well, you might want to revisit your marriage vows.
I don't see why people stop at these places. The place is everything one could ever hate about consumerism. It's like going on a road trip to Walmart on Black Friday.They are overcrowded, and the prices are through the roof. Gas is at least $0.25 higher than the last town you left, the food they sell tastes like it has enough sodium in it to catch a swimming pool on fire, and most of the help are seasonal, back-woods Texas education system casualties that wouldn't know what to do without the calculator on the cash register.  When I think of this place, I hear the radio as I am driving down I-10 from Houston to San Antonio, and my peaceful thoughts are interrupted by a speeding vehicle past, and I can almost make out the incessant repetition of the word "Buccees! :D" from the cacophony as I swerve out of their way.  I picture an obnoxious family precariously tumbling out of an older gas guzzler with Alabama plates and Sarah Palin's election stickers on the back glass. As dad waits in line to fill up for 20 minutes, the collective stupidity of the troop can be felt from inside the store by innocent people just needing to replace a fuse, patch a tire, or take a shit in peace. Patrons flee the path of the stampede as it migrates towards the double doors, eyes bulging in different directions, with sparsely toothed mouths agape in awe of that stupid sign. Extremities flailing towards a door that should be pulled open, they are perhaps by now drooling enough to be spitting as they communicate with each other in a language only that family knows. They make more than a bee-line to the kiosks and occupy those available for a full 10 minutes, trying desperately to order extra chili and cheese on their hot dogs in salacious and monosyllabic debate.  The ordering kiosks are in ruins, and the smartest employee in the store is frantically trying to reset them so the 30 other people now waiting in line can get their nitrate fix on. The troop has dispersed throughout the store, barreling to and from the salt-and-sugar aisles, bumping into people and displays and knocking items off the end caps, forcing their way through the narrow aisles. It is more than one hapless employee's job to follow this escaped side show around the store with a mop.  Their order numbers are called one by one, and one by one they rush back across the store, arms loaded with absolutely nothing of true value or nutrition, hemorrhaging saran-wrapped fudge brownies and heavy metal bearing key chains from China that read "Welcome to Texas" for them to take turns chewing on. The pick up line is total chaos. As they argue with each other and complain to the help about who ordered what and the lack or excess of various condiments and toppings, somewhere down that highway a steer drops dead from dehydration, his emaciated carcass already being consumed by vermin before it even hits the ground.  The End.
I think it's pretty well established that people don't give a shit enough about the planet to take their reusable bags to HEB on their own. If that were the case we would have figured out how to avoid this pile of garbage back in the beginning of the industrial revolution. Logic dictates that laws must be made to - wait for it - protect the planet from people!  What a concept. When I read about people like this I have to wonder what else they do for kickbacks.
had breakfast there today myself. being from corpus, when i travel i really do start to crave their food. nothing beats a double meat double cheese whataburger jr with bacon and grilled jalepenos and grilled onions.. except two of them.
[submission] "Exile"
10% off of their prices means you are still paying 89% more than their junk is worth. Target is an overpriced Walmart with the same crap but better looking packaging. Their meat, milk, produce, and goods are all imported from Slave Labor, Whereverthefuck anyway.  Fuck target. I asked my wife not to shop there for those reasons alone, and now I have thousands to deal with on my credit card because she just had to have some piece of shit bamboo picture frame or some shit. Fortunately I have a good credit union, the funds are returned, and I have a new account.  Yes my credit card got run through three or four companies in North America out of the blue just last week, right when this news hit. I've been using plastic for decades and have NEVER had this happen before.  Fuck target. They should be paying their IT guys better. Run a free fucking VPN client from your POS systems into your business core, use a fancy NAC product, certificates, you know, multi-factor AUTHENTICATION, and you wont have to worry about someone busting into your wireless networks, you money grubbing assholes.  I can't wait to get in on the class action lawsuit. Wouldn't it be hilarious to see the look on a tech-saavy judge's face when he reviews their internal security audits, their PCI audits. What a fucking farce.  /rant
i'm glad you got something out of this. i don't typically tear into people but sometimes i feel like i can do something for the both of us when it comes to issues like this. i have a family of mixed heritage and want nothing more than for everyone to try to understand each other. it means the world to me, and the world to everyone else whether we realize it or not.  thanks for the gold and keep your chin up. you seem like a good person and i hope i wasn't too offensive with the banter.
Right. Because this erases my grandfather's, father's, and my own memory. I understand your mindset - you simply have nothing to lose if the south west does dry up and blow away.   Many cannot afford to simply dismiss that possibility because of one side of some argument. As you can see, there is plenty of scientific data both ways.  But for my kin, living out there in the heydey, they'd tell you the same thing: It. Is. Getting. More. And. More. Dry.  Why would they say that? To scare you? Right. That's what people losing their livelihood like to do to other people.  Why didn't I think of that..  None of that "all this is perfectly normal!" crap is going to make bit of difference. Normal or not, it's getting drier.   Do you think my family would have defended the frontiers of Texas over a pile of limestone and some tosajilla?  No. Mine and many other pioneering families saw promise in the land. They saw green, water, pristine expanse.  So when you call this ridiculous just take a step back for a moment and look at what's more ridiculous: people losing millions of cattle to a drought when there used to be plenty of water to support them, or people calling them names for trying to raise those cattle to being with.