How do you test high for depression ?  just curous
Hahahaha takes energy man!
Its all in our heads man. Last time I relapsed it was because I went to see my bestfriend who was still a heroin addict. I wasn't craving at all. I thought I was doing good in recovery but I was winging it. This time around I still struggled but when I confront my fears and talk about how I feel and reach out to others I feel at ease and peace with my mind. Its like we choose either to recover or go back. If a old friend hits you up who still uses and wants to hangout there is no use, unless you want to go back to that life. If you drive pass a trigger area you have to think to yourself wow I came so far and I am clean and sober today and life is good. Positive thoughts. The past is the past. Thats the mentality I want to believe. When you believe you achieve. Just my thoughts. Congrats on your recovery you are doing great! This is no walk in the park!
Wow that is awesome I want one now!
Great. Just finished a large meal now I am recovering.
Well I lied I still gamble here and there lol.
I've told my coworkers and no ones ever judged me. What other people think doesn't matter. Its what you know matters. The people who matter will care and understand and the ones who don't care it will show. I see it as a gift  because it is weeding out the people that don't matter. But it is also something we have to live with. Life is about learning from our mistakes and moving on. Addiction has shown me that I can live a normal sane life without drugs or alcohol or gambling and I take it as a gift and a learning point.
Opiate users beware!
Hi there,  I think you should go to some meetings and speak. I did that last week and it totally changed my mind on everything I was going through. Listen to what others are saying and going through it will shed light on your situation. Whether its a newly sober person struggling. It will remind you how good you are doing and that you do not want to go to that dark place ever again.
My brother is the one gifting or transferring it to me. I purchased the car already from him. I just need to take the title to register it. I don't know whether to say it was gifted or just transfer it. Or if there is a difference.
Avoiding sales tax need assistance
Turkish Man Pushes Old Armenian Man Into Traffic Breaking His Legs
Thank you very much.
Haha.
2003 Crown Vic   2FAFP71W23X220401
I already got my refund! it was approved than two days later BAM