This user has been deleted :( that worries me so much.
Expensive?
Thank you so much _
I ordered vinyl stencils from a seller on eBay, he let me choose the font and size and them made them. It was a lot cheaper and safer than attempting to make them myself. _
naughty naughty rimmel!
We don't have a yard, but it's easier with such a tiny dog. I hope you get a pet really soon! X
Thank you! isn't it just such an amazing feeling when you change something so simple as your makeup storage, it's like cleansing. I loved taking all my products and cleaning them and organising them. Afterwards I just stood and stared at it for a good 20 minutes, now and again brushing a hand over some of the things. I suddenly realised I was acting gollumesque when iI actually thought the words 'it's mine'  The skull is actually a car air-freshener from bath and body works that I stuck on an ikea plant pot to pretty up what i kept my makeup brushes in :D
Where are the Russian twists! those things are beast.
It's so pretty and vintage looking!   Here's mine - http://i.imgur.com/bfu3uz1.jpg
I know that nobody can help really and that most of these things i'm going to have to deal with myself, i just wish there was a magic genie that would fix everything for me whilst i sat back and drank gin LOL. I'm off to the shop to get my hubby's favourite food. So i'm hoping that cheers us both up!
Thank you :) i decided to get my bum out of bed, danced wildly around my flat whilst cleaning. That made me feel a little better, seeing everything all clean and where it should be.  IVF scares the shit out of me, and i know i'm nowhere near ready for it, but there is a huge waiting list, i don't know how long it is though. That's the thing about infertility it's just a fuck tonne of not knowing anything and it drives me insane
It's on my list of things to watch, but unfortunately when i feel low i turn into megagirl 300 and like to watch fluffy things like new girl and the mindy project, people are always mixed about supernatural, so i've put it off for a while, but i did that with the first season of game of thrones and breaking bad. It was epic having a whole season to watch though, i like to power watch things.   hehe! sexy, beautiful and handsome (no-homo i assume?) but always good to have some hunky eye candy, this makes me want to watch it more....
I phoned my local mental health team, they asked me why I hadn't called before and i cried so hard i couldn't hear them and they couldn't get a single word out of me. So, i've got an emergency appointment next Thursday at 1.30pm. She said that even though the anti-depressants would be helping, she said being told that it would be recommended we have IVF and that my partner is infertile is really hard news to hear and that i may need something different now to help, it's a lot for a tiny pill to deal with.  I try and talk to my partner about how scared i am, about hearing that he's infertile etc and that i'm so scared of the fact that i won't ever conceive naturally, here in the UK you're entitled to IVF once, we wouldn't ever be able to afford it, so i've also had to come to terms with the fact that we will probably only have one child, at most. I try and tell him and he turns on the 'happy machine' and tells me everything will be fine, we might even conceive naturally, the results could have been wrong. I'm fed up of hearing it all though, it's all bad news and i should be allowed to deal with that, to come to terms with the fact i won't have a child naturally and only have one. I should be allowed to be sad and angry, It makes me more angry and upset that he doesn't understand that.   I also suggested couples counselling, or something along those lines to help, i told him i didn't think he understood what's going on or anything and it might help, but he said no, said all we needed was to go on dates again.  He doesn't really think anything i say or suggest is a good idea.
I called in sick most of the week, and hid away in the dark. Crying and screaming and stamping my feet and banging doors on purpose. Then trying to reign it in for when my OH gets home so he doesn't see how mental this is actually making me (little doses, he's a gentle soul haha)  I feel so pathetic for needing time off work, some months i can handle it, others i can't. Usually the months when my period is late, it screws with my head so much.  I'm sorry you're going through this too, where's our F'ing stalk when we need him eh? big hugs to you as well x
Well that's it, when I'm upset I can go to my friends and they listen and want to know why I'm feeling a certain way. They know how much I love him and so they just listen and are there for me. They don't push their opinions.   I'm not sure who he has to talk to, we both have his mum but he's so adamant nothing is wrong he just keeps saying 'I'm happy if you're happy'   He's also a gamer and he's started playing a lot more games, to escape I think? He's always gamed a lot but it's a LOT more recently.   I don't want him to be strong and silent and my hero, but if that's how he's not feeling really. I want to know if he's stressed or sad. Even if it's me that is causing it, how would I know if he doesn't tell me? He wants to fix everything for me, make me feel better, not give me any stress and not make me feel bad. Why would he think I don't want to do the same for him?
My favourite deep dubstep and liquid drum and base songs. Hope you like it :D