RING FOR SALE!!
{O.P's girlfriend}That's awful. Schrödinger was rescued at 4 weeks old by a chav that was going to drown him. I brought him to full health and he's been the softest, cheekiest cat that even dared to pinch our doberman's food on occasion. Today was fucking horrible and I have to tell my 7 year old daughter tomorrow. :(
Bleugh fishy tea really doesn't sound very appetising!
Ever been licked by a cat? Think sand paper, then imagine it being used to grope your balls. . .
That's what I have. There's a water garden and night garden too.
Thank you. :)
I feel like you just described my relationship with my Father. I've got to the stage, where-if I don't say goodbye then he will do nothing but continue hurting me[mentally} Nothing I do pleases him, he's a terrible husband to my Mother but she puts up with it and he's an aweful role model for my 2 younger brothers. The next time I visit, I'm going to tell him exactly how I feel and why, in private of course. Then I'm never going to look back again.  I'm looking forward to this day. I know there will be a back lash when my Father tells my Mum. But I'll tell her it has nothing to do with her, I still love her and it's up to her if she wants to stay in contact with me.
Do it anyway.
I feel a reference to Schrödinger's cat coming on . .
Cannot up vote enough!
Ewwww!
Yeah but that's the body reacting and dealing with survival. Not you purposely knawing away.
I'm sure every man will tell you that blow jobs are awesome but sex is waaay more intimate. If I guy only went down on me-but refused to have intercourse it would be cool for a few weeks then I'd be like . . .nooo I need actual sex. Being intimate is soo important. Think about your natual instints. We like it because we're meant to. Sex = babies. That's what mother nature intended. {unless you play safe}
You should try the implant. Awesome thing. I have a 5 year old. Don't want anymore for a while so use it. It's inserted under the skin in the upper arm and slowly releases and works basicly like the pill. The difference with the implant is-it stopped my periods {ha!} I don't have mood swings, It last three years. I don't have to remember to buy condoms{unless I wanna have sex with a random stranger} or take pills every day.   Oh and 72 hours afters it's removed you're fertile again. :)
When I worked in a busy club a 70 odd year old guy came up to me. He looked like an english gentleman. He said 'I would love you take you home and make sex to you'  I was freaked!  He tipped me £30 though!
That's awesome!