You're welcome, and good luck :)
If almost no one uses the downvote function the way it's supposed to be used, why even have it?   People clearly downvote things that don't violate any of Reddit's "Downvote this post/thread if..." rules. It's an abhorrently abused feature, and I think it should be done away with. It's not fair to people who post things that are perfectly within the bounds of Reddiquette and rules, but a group of people (for lack of better terminology) have a stick up their collective ass and decide to downvote out of spite.
A- Because, for lack of better terminology, wrestlers care about winning more on PPVs than on weekly shows, with certain exceptions that will support this theory.  During Kane's "Mask vs Title" match against Triple H, he showed the level of durability that he had during his first match with Undertaker at WrestleMania, which was far more than he was known for at the time of the match on Raw.  All of Evolution interfered. Triple H used a sledgehammer. Kane took a serious beatdown, but refused to lose (in JR's words, "AIN'T NOTHIN GONNA BEAT KANE TONIGHT!"). The reason is because he *had* a reason to fight that much harder-- he did NOT want to unmask.  Regarding your example, it's one thing to lose on Raw or SmackDown, but on a PPV, usually when a title is on the line (as well as during a match with likely a bigger purse for the winner), you HAVE to win.  Basically, wrestlers fight harder to stay in a match (to kick out, withstand a submission longer, etc.) when they know that winning is more imperative.  Example: Angle traps you in the Anklelock during a standard singles match on Raw. Is it worth it to risk a broken ankle and possibly end your career for a match of such little magnitude? Probably not.  Is it worth it in a PPV match for the world championship? FUCK YES.
Ah, I see. Yeah, that might have been a good idea. Honestly, I was just venting (even though I still feel that what happened wasn't cool), but I can definitely learn from this.
Would anyone be willing to get online and chat to teach me the ropes of this game?   **EDIT:** I'm on Xbox 360 and my gamertag is Ray AP9. Sorry for failing to mention this initially.  I learn a lot better from actually seeing things happen and talking directly to someone at the same time, as opposed to reading strategy guides or watching videos.  Is there anyone who wouldn't mind helping me with this? We can start a private chat, set the time limit to Infinity, and basically go through anything you're willing to show me.  Thanks.
I mean, I may be wrong, but [somehow, I doubt it](http://www.incrediblehulkonline.com/mediumsecretwarsstrength.jpg)
I find it sort of funny that The Authority taunted Bryan for being a "B+ player," but Seth Rollins is their "Plan B."   Being someone's Plan B isn't something to be proud of. You're just something they settled for because their original goals didn't transpire and they needed something to turn to in a time of desperation.  You're not what they really wanted-- you're more like "Whatever. I guess that's good enough." Like going to the store to get two-ply toilet paper, but they only have one-ply.
Oh, I should have mentioned, I am taking medication to try and stymie my depression/anxiety. And the sad part is, right now, based on what I described in the OP, I'd say I'm better than I was before the meds.  But now it feels like they can't help me anymore and I'm still, as you said, "depressed as all hell," and I don't know how to fix it.  I've tried a psychologist, and he would give me things to do that he thought would help me overcome my depression, but it didn't work. The few times I was able to find the motivation to actually do the "homework" he'd assign, it just made me feel worse because it took me out of my comfort zone, and that scares the hell out of me.
Funny story about my laptop's overheating problem, a broken air conditioner, and an oscillating fan   And by "funny," I mean "confounding and slightly annoying."  I've had this laptop for about 5 years or so. I can't really afford to get a new one right now (even a cheap one), so that's out before anyone suggests it (although all suggestions are welcome).  It's always had one glaring problem-- the processor sometimes overheats, which makes the computer lag, for lack of better terminology. The cursor doesn't move right away when I use the touchpad, videos freeze, and the CPU Usage shoots up to 100%, making it almost impossible to even use the laptop until it goes back to normal (which usually takes about 3-5 minutes, depending on a number of factors). I can feel right above the keyboard to see how hot the processor is to the touch, and that's a good indicator of how well it'll probably perform.  Recently, my air conditioner broke down, so I had to replace it with a basic oscillating fan. I kept the air conditioner across the room, but the fan is right next to my bed.  The way I'm positioned basically has the fan blowing on me and the laptop at the same time. This has actually prevented the laptop from overheating ever since I made the change to the fan. Unbelievable, right?  That said, there's clearly something to this. I do have a laptop cooler (CM Storm) that I'm using right now, and it undoubtedly helps, but my laptop has never stayed as cool as it's been for the last few days. I can actually watch streaming video and 720 HD without a problem, and the processor (right above the keyboard, like I mentioned above) isn't scorching hot to the touch anymore, ever. It's like heaven.  Now, knowing this, what can I do to emulate the effect that the fan is having on my laptop, if anything? It's truly amazing to me, but I don't want to constantly have a fan blowing on me to get the most out of my laptop.  Any suggestions?  Thanks, guys.
It's a lot easier than you might think. No one I've told it to (I think... four women?) has found it weird or creepy or anything. In fact, like I said in another response, at least three women have volunteered and/or given me permission to act on it whenever I want.  I'm no sexologist, but it might make them feel more attractive, since the message I'm sending is pretty much "I want you so bad that I can't even wait until you wake up/recover from alcohol poisoning."  Note: Just kidding about the last part. I never encourage women to use liquor to induce a state conducive to my fetish, even if they say they wouldn't mind.
Well, I don't plan to play any humans. I can probably live with just having fun playing the AI-- I don't see myself becoming a hardcore fighting gamer.  Also, with the combo memorization, I'm afraid that if I go through the entire process with one combo, and master it, I'll lose that mastery once I move on to the next combo (especially since a lot of recent games are so open-ended and have many unique combo possibilities).
That *definitely* helps. I really appreciate the quick response.  You also made me realize that I should probably number each of the bulletpoints in the OP to make it easier for you guys.
Scumbag brain: Dude, don't listen to that first thought. You don't want to do anything. And if you try, I'll make you miserable.
You can argue Russell is the most dominate player over his peers if you want, but **no one can look at a game from the 60s and one from the 90s and say they are the same.**  And no one has said they are. The point is that Bill Russell did things no one else has done. Yes, his competition was weaker, but he accomplished a whole lot more than anyone else ever has.  That's like if I play NBA 2K14 on Rookie and score 1,000 points in one game with one player. You can use the "It's Rookie mode, too easy, only reason you did that" argument if you want, but 1,000 points with one player is amazing, period.
You guys are here, and that's great. I appreciate it. But support from strangers on the internet can only go so far.  As far as meeting people, I don't want to meet people. I hate people. People are the reason I spend 18 hours a day locked in a room with no light and ignoring almost any call I receive on my cell phone.  I can almost guarantee that forcing myself to go would do more harm than good for me. The only reason I'm even considering it is because I owe my dad big time. He is truly the *only* reason I have a roof over my head and food on my plate. He refused to abandon me when I was in desperate straits, and he goes beyond that very often (for example, allowing me to live in the house he owns, rent-free).  So basically, I'll feel like shit if I don't go because he's done so much for me and I'd feel like an asshole for disappointing him.  Or, I can feel like shit if I do go, because it'll be boring, because I hate crowds, I hate people, and I hate being out of my comfort zone.
In my opinion, the greatest "Calvin and Hobbes" storyline of all time...   http://www.gocomics.com/calvinandhobbes/1991/03/18  Things that stood out to me:  -At one point, Calvin (or at least the "real" Calvin combined with the "good" Calvin) smiles for 16 straight panels. I always look for stuff like that (I'm weird), and I can't remember another time he smiled for even four straight panels.  -Hobbes notes at the end of the story arc that Calvin is "The only person [he knows] whose good side is prone to badness." But, Watterson immediately asserts (through Calvin) that it might not have been simply a case of Calvin being so bad that not even the incarnate of his good side can't resist being evil.  Calvin claims that "He could only be perfectly good as an abstraction. In his human manifestation, he wanted to throttle me," implying that simply by being human, it was impossible for "Good Calvin" to be flawlessly benevolent. Watterson was clearly making a point about human nature and perhaps our inability to resist the allure of sin.  This is part of the reason I resent when people disregard Calvin and Hobbes as "just a newspaper comic." Both Watterson and his writing are extremely deep, and his ability to express fundamental truths about things like this, and the world overall, is the reason I've re-read all of the collections at least three times each.