Hey, bud. I had a similar experience where I was someone (an ex that things should not have ended but they did) I had zero contact with for a year after things ended. I was in a relationship, but the interaction alone made me question everything in my life, left me unable to stop crying for days, and gave me my first real suicidal thoughts. It's been a few weeks though, and I came out on the other side. I don't really have any advice (other than to keep talking it out) but I just wanted to let you know to keep breathing and you'll make it out too, eventually. Your mind will focus on some other worry and it'll pass. Here if you need anything
Ah gotcha. What I do sometimes when I'm really bad is make myself a self care checklist. So everyday I have to brush my teeth, get dressed, eat a healthy breakfast lunch dinner, do 30 minutes of any kind of body movement a day, and check to make sure my environment is cleanish. That way no matter how bad my day is, I still accomplished those (positive) things.
Can't say I didn't think it haha
Hey, I'm proud of you. You need this. Sending good vibes.
I saw him in PA and I liked his solo set so much better than full band...(sorry roaring 20s). it was so intimate and fuck
Abso fucking lutely me. No advice here, just know you're not alone in this. It drives me nuts I can't even enjoy when I feel good because I'm waiting for it to not last
http://www.buzzfeed.com/crystalro/brilliantly-cheesy-ways-couples-say-i-love-you#.bwaMdlrnK   #6 is a link to my tumblr, it was my project gift to my boyfriend they posted (omg why is this so big i cant reddit)
...agreed. .....very agreed..
Jesus. Interesting timing because I am a mercer county native just graduating from college and currently working in a jail, so I was looking at opportunities back in jersey. They said the male officer was monitoring the female alone?? Which isn't a thing at the facility I work at. Even if a male counselor wants to meet with a female there needs to be someone else in the counseling wing
I feel annoyed because all the other women are ass deep in diet culture. I don't fucking care how many calories you had today
thanks, makes sense!
ELI5: Why do I need to take my birth control at the same time every day?   I suck at this aspect but I'm trying real hard to get better at it.    note: I searched the archives and none of the ELI5's were specifically about this. Thanks in advance!
Hahaha no worries. I was trying to think of something funny to reply to the first one but I'm sick and all out. You rule.
Bless
suicide calls
this shit is good.