Not a squat, but I leg pressed 1200 in high school. Loaded up all the 45s and 2 classmates on a recumbent leg press and got it up.   I know it sounds like bs, but if you saw me in person it'd make sense.
Except for the fact that most rail lines (let's just go with in the US because you're probably from here anyway) are publicly owned ventures and in order to upgrade these systems they would need to raise fares, maybe taxes, incur construction delays, and all of the things that are really unpopular and cause more uproar than a derailment. Not to mention its cheaper to pay out a settlement than all the upgrades necessary.  But yeah, no its those damn unions.
Its what I've found that I enjoy. Its cheaper than drinking, more interesting that walking etc, and I can go see new places, new things you wouldn't see normally. Its also the combination of driving and music that let's me slow down my thoughts enough to sort them out.   There's always just a lot going on.   And yes, I've tried other thinks like you've suggested.  Its about as rational as liking one soda or another. Just personal taste.
I'm pretty sure its a joke.   Then again, the best conspiracies are the ones you think are jokes.
Holy shit dude. That's fucked up.
Its a warp field created by bending spacetime. Think of it like the Concorde program. They would have to get out over sea to avoid the sonic boom from breaking windows. And I said given the speed of light. I didn't exclude going faster.   I'm thinking logistics wise, not unbridled idealism.
It's kind of bewildering to me that OP see's this as some kind of insult or offense.  wut.   I'm talking about when I ask. IDFC if someone asks me to grab something off the top shelf.
Pussy.
I think you meant to post this.  http://i.imgur.com/Q9elO1l.jpg
HEATHEN.
I've done club security, if I had 2 people report this with me somehow missing it, dude or chick is on the street, I don't give a fuck who your daddy is.   If I see you with your dick out, I'm not only going to throw you out, I'm going to use your head to open the door as well.   It happens. People act like fucknuts when they are drunk.   EDIT: Everyone acts like they are 5 years old when you say the word "no."
It's OK, I know what you meant. I don't have an accent either.   I have a Corolla.
"that the experience has taught him to "never give up." "  Christ. Seriously, respect people's wishes. If someone does not want to be kept alive on a machine past a certain point, let them go.   Also, get a medical directive set up. You could be in a shitty crash today and be in just pain for the rest of your life unless you tell your family.
For me, its those little moments of just being free while driving around at night. Or being bundled up on the couch when its raining outside.   The stupid simple shit is what I live for because I know I can't change the big stuff. I'll never be able to stop wars or even get people to not drive like asshats.   I'll probably never have children or a real family because I'm so fucked, but that's OK. Its not something I can truly control.
I always looked at it like this. You have X capacity to deal with crap. So you stuff the important things in and kind of ignore the rest.   When you don't have to worry about eating, paying bills on time, or if you'll go broke because you have to go to the er to get anti-biotics, then you fill the tank with things that may seem trivial to many.   Not to mention, if you manage to be worry-free, everyone fucking hates you because why can't I be rich and happy like that asshole.
Yeah.