Great and clear reply, thank you and taken on board!
No.    For some bizzare reason you are assuming that the total worth of your venture happens to be exactly 500% his fees projected onto a non-sepcific period of time.  Could you expand on how you make this calculation please and maybe on why my way of thinking about it is wrong? I'm a techie rather than a financier and so I don't really follow you.
That's a good idea, I like that one, thanks.
The irony of depression: triple the work load
It didn't help me but I am fairly certain that my issues were caused by a mixture of vitamin deficiency and allergies (touch wood, fingers crossed etc.). There is plenty of evidence to suggest it works for SAD and delayed sleep phase disorder.   There is an interesting book called Chronotherapy (renamed as 'Reset Your Inner Clock') by Dr. Michael Terman who set up the Centre for Environmental Therapeutics. You may be interested in that if you think that light is the source of your insomnia.
Monty Python and the NHS - 25 years of insomnia.
I always find it difficult not to follow the sleep hygiene advice. I know if I sleep, even for just 30 minutes at about 3:00pm then I will feel a lot better. The problem is that is hard to do if you have a job, and it upsets sleep at night. Hence I try to stay in that 9-5 routine in the hope that one day I will be 'normal'.   That said I agree with you that sometime you just need to sleep at odd times. A small amount of feeling refreshed is sometimes enough to give me the strength to get through a bad patch.  It sounds a little like you think that sleep is the root problem, would you say that is accurate for you?
I was 27 when I first went to the doctor and I also agree with the others.   You need to tell the doctor the truth about what you are going through or it will reduce the changes of getting good help. It is difficult and embarrassing to talk to a complete stranger but remember that they are trained to give support to people in your position or refer you to someone that can. You are not the first to go to the doctors and discuss such issues and hopefully the doctor will understand that you are struggling. I would expect that doctors have learned to be non-judgemental of their patients so try not to worry about what they think of you. I have been in tears in the doctors office before now when I was finding things difficult but that doesn't matter to me now. If they don't try to help you then it doesn't matter what they think as they are a bad doctor, if they do help you then it won't matter that you were embarrassed. Maybe you would find taking a friend with you who understands a little about what you are going through useful.   If you have the energy then I would also advise reading up on how others have tried to help themselves. The doctor will do their best but in the end you are the one who is most interested in getting better. Personally I find that high dosages of magnesium are often helpful in elevating my mood. I have a theory as to why here http://goo.gl/C0nbY3 (increases neurons and the binding strength between those neurons and serotonin). It isn't 100% effective but it seems to help significantly.  I am also using L-Tryptophan (serotonin facilitator) and I am experimenting with CBD (Cannabidiol). They are all available from health food stores and Amazon.  Regarding meeting new friends then maybe there is a local activity group that you could join? meetup.com is the website that I use and it allows me to physically meet people who have similar interests. In fact without that site I would have no friends.
I agree with mylittletarget.   Don't beat yourself up to much about what you can't do. Give yourself permission to take time out for yourself. Give yourself the time to begin to get better even if progress is very slow. I just took two months off and am just today starting to think about getting back into my usual routine - you aren't alone in feeling the way you do even though it sucks to be there right now. Sometimes life will throw you a curve-ball and all you can do is go with the flow. Don't compare yourself to others because they probably don't have your problems.   If this is a recurring issue then think back to the times this happened before. Realise that eventually things did get better last time and maybe they will this time as well.   Maybe try to give yourself only one task a day or even every other day. Maybe it is going to the shops, doing the laundry or even just having a shave/wash. These things can seem like mountains at times. When going up a mountain it is best to go slow in order to conserve the energy you have. Give yourself permission to treat yourself if you can, a double treat if you accomplish your task for the day - maybe an extra chocolate bar without feeling guilty.  I am being presumptuous but it sounds like maybe your were raised by foster carers. Could you find a forum and read about how others have coped with the issues you are having? Knowing that you are not the only person who has faced this problem can be a useful perspective to have. Maybe finding people who discuss similar issues to yours can be one of your tasks for the day.  Good luck.
www.housepricecrash.co.uk   Lots of people over there are in a similar boat so you may feel at home. Some are very knowledgeable about the reasons for not buying at the moment. It is a shame that government is doing all it can to support the banks and hock people up past their eyeballs in debt. Good luck.
Personal stories of sleep apnoea - I though Bob's and George's were the best.
Well written story of experience getting N24 disorder diagnosed.
Magnesium is supposed to be a relaxant and I have found that seems to be useful over the last few days - that is all I have been taking it for. Magnesium Taurate is apparently the best absorbed but Magnesium Citrate is also meant to be good - Magnesium Oxide has a poor absorption rate. It apparently works by pulling Calcium out of the muscles which helps them to relax. If you are doing heavy lifting then it may help with the aches and pains and also help your mind relax.   I also have also heard that Melatonin does not work for some people but does work for others. For those is does not work for then the base building blocks of 5-HTP and L-Tryptophan convert into Melatonin. I found that 5-HTP kept me awake at night and so I am taking it at lunchtime to increase Serotonin levels. Serotonin should then be converted into Melatonin at night. It is too early for me to know if this works for me yet.  All of those are sold in health stores as supplements and so may be useful. They are cheap to try and maybe you will have some luck with them. Good luck!
Is insomnia just your natural sleep pattern?
Seasonal Affective Disorder and insomnia: Why do we live in the dark?
Sleeping pills are useless and even dangerous!