That is wonderful. I'm sure mine would do the same, but I haven't seen any evidence of it in the last 7 years...minimum
There wasn't a question at all...I just wanted to post that. But yeah, we sat around and played video games until we were both too high to do much, and bonded on it all. We shared things that we couldn't tell anyone else. We talked about everything from life to images to well...everything.   By images, I mean he used to look the stereotypical emo part (jet black hair swooped to one side, brooding attitude, blaring Hawthorne Heights, and being an angsty mess in general) but now he's switched over to the "clean cut" look...mainly for the same reasons I had been telling him for a few years...good women like it more and people give you fewer dirty looks.   I was also worried about being judged for everything...I told him about how I got hooked on Percocet, I've done the mainstream hard drugs (except for crack) I've taken benzos  (usually kpins or xans) I've done Stims, I've dropped L, I've tripped on shrooms, I've done X. And the best part was...no judgment, mainly because he was like "hey, you're an adult, you seem like you have your shit together" and then he told me a few stories of other people doing stuff, and then going overboard with it.
Riddle me thus then, my fellow ent: How can someone be on the surface of the Moon without wearing full protection or suffering from frostbite? Or, alternatively, how the hell do you keep your windows so clean?
I was coming off of my binge last night at work when I decided to smoke on my lunch break. I put in eyedrops and everything, and I wasn't noticed. It wasn't until after work that my manager asked if I smoked, and by instinct, I said smoke what.? So; he knows I smoke, and I haven't found a decent time to ask him if he does.   Sorry for the unrelated story. To answer your question, I use weed to cope with my comedowns. It regulates out my appetite, so I actually remember to eat. Good food puts me in a great mood.
I feel you on this. I'll be at a party, playing a song, and then someone will be like "oh man that song was dope...in 2012"
What Should I Do?   I have an undisclosed amount of money that was recently added to my bank account and about 3 days of down time before my new job starts.   So, spending money is present, and time to recover is also present?  What should I binge on this weekend?  Edit: I have all my weed already purchased. I have about $400 I can spend. For the feeling, I want something where I can be social, and hyped up. Like I'm on top of the world without too much comedown. I don't need to feel lovey.   Things I can get for sure: Xanax, various opiates (not touching H, personal preference) more weed, MDMA, shrooms, LSD, 25X series, Cocaine, Meth.  Anything else I should ask about?
Batman vs Predator   I saw Family Guy use this in a cutaway as a "million dollar idea". How would this fight turn out? Movie universes for both, Nolan verse for Batman
Oh you're good dude (please don't be offended if you're female)
I may not be part of the norm, but you are describing my nights with people and drugs. Like I want to counsel and part themselves but it's hard since I have what I love. I've cut back to get a new job and unless at least until I get the degree so I can hold my degree of empathy without comprising my degree of realatability without looking like a hypocrite.
Uzu Sanageyama vs Daredevil   Everything is done blindly because I got the idea for this based on the fact that neither see the world with their eyes (post MKII on Blade Regalia)  Edit: So I didn't mean for this to be a spite thread and I can now see (haha, get it) that this clearly is a stomp
I posted this in /r/whowouldcirclejerk a little while back actually. Way to take my idea :p
Miley y u do dis
Weed + Xanax +25i   An eighth of weed, 2 mg Xanax, and 800 micrograms of 25i. Does that sound like a good idea?
Go Hoosiers?
Pretzels are actually remarkably high in calories and carbs. But yea, avoid soda.  Source: My job is to make pretzels and I have been informed about the nutritional contents in them.  Edit: This may just be my employer, as I have seen other people post about pretzels being a good idea.
"You keep avoiding my punches because you're reading my mind and know when I'm going to punch you"  -Anchorman 2  Edit: quote isn't exactly correct and wording stuff