D: Oh, it's you! On my frontpage!
I'm willing to purchase the 4 pack if you guys are still looking for people. I only want one copy for a friend. I'm in the u.s.
Loki decided she wanted to play too
Sure. I just cut out a stencil in freezer paper, ironed it to a shirt, and then sprayed it over with a 50-50 mix of bleach and water. There are tutorials online and I can also send you the stencil I made if you want.
The fruits of my labour this past weekend! Loki tanks!
Thank you so much! I'm so excited! :D
Wow. Okay. I am thoroughly creeped out. Mission accomplished.
Yes, I believe that's what my therapist was talking about. She basically explained that my baseline mood is much lower than most people's at a neutral level. When bad events happen, this triggers a major depressive episode at the same time and when I do recover, it's always back to my low baseline, so never really quite up to the mood level that most people are operating at.  I mostly went to see my therapist after years of putting it off (the last time I saw a counselor was in middle school but I stopped after I felt she violated my trust -- I'm now in my last year of college). In between those times, I've been basically suffering from repeated depressive episodes spaced every couple years, although recently the interval between these episodes has been getting shorter and shorter. Between my episodes, I'm usually quite apathetic and feel quite isolated from people still. I had hobbies that I was extremely passionate about that eventually dwindled down to nothing. Same with the amount of friends that I had due to my inability to feel connected to them. I am close to my family but I would say that I've never had a relationship where I felt close enough to reveal these sort of intimate feelings that I have. I tend to be extremely private as a person, even to my own family.
I went once on my 18th birthday with some friends and my boyfriend at the time. Way more men. It was also very awkward because the stripper that was performing during the time we were there was crying during her dance. I don't think I've ever had to sit through anything as awkward as that.
Nope, but that's never stopped other girls from doing that to me. At the same time, guys who do this are just as much at fault as the girls.
French fries and mayonnaise. Nomnomnom.
Surprised [My Dick](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LnzYG0ZkrXg) hasn't been posted yet. But then again, I am not a Reddit male.
Reddit, what's been your absolute worst dining experience?   This one time, I was finishing my Coke at a restaurant. I pulled out the straw when I was done and saw this giant dead hairy yellow spider somehow clinging onto the tip of the other end in a way that could only mean that it had been stuck there the whole time. I had been drinking all that Coke that was washing over its dead spider carcass. I will never drink out of a straw ever again without checking both ends.
Hahah, I will consider it. But I'm pretty sure wearing a Boba Fett helmet is not going to help me get non-geeks, as suggested. ;b  The helmet's actually a pretty common children's toy from Target. It just happens to fit me because I apparently have the same-sized head as a twelve year-old.
Hamlet!
This definitely sounds like a great idea. I'd definitely be interested. I've always had very few close friends already (I'm a fairly introverted person and find it hard to feel close to more than a couple of people at a time). Not to mention most of my friends have been male. I've only ever had two absolute closest female best friends who both turned out to be people who lied to me and spoke so badly of me behind my back to the point that it started affecting my reputation. As a result, I've just generally been uncomfortable and distrustful around girls that I meet ever since.  But, yes, definitely interested in an opportunity to finally have down-to-earth, chill girlfriends that won't be catty and two-faced. :D