I'm sorry you feel that way. The article was meant to open debate (hence the question of the header) and so far I'd say it's been pretty successful. Doesn't mean we have to agree. But my points are pretty concise and my opinion comes across well enough for many other's to have contacted me and discuss it. There's no need to be disrespectful.
Well this is exactly what I explore in the article. Is society partly to blame, especially among young people and do we need to start taking responsibly for how the media portrays women? Personally I don't think it's a simple yes or no answer as there are many factors, this article focuses on one of those aspects. Thank you for your comment :)
Of course if you only read this post I would totally agree with you. Having had depression, and as you noticed my suicide attempt video I also self-harmed as a teen and now have anxiety and generally I did suffer badly from mental illness. What this post questions is could it partly stem from the way society views women. Thank you for reading xx
Does This Letter Prove That Society Cultivates Mental Illness?
How To Get Rid Of Intrusive or Obsessive Thoughts
I googled for a counsellor (I'm in the UK) and found an amazing one who pretty much was my saviour. Google is the best tool out there :)
Hi I'm interested! My site is also about ending the stigma of mental health and I share many of my stories on [The Unmarked Road](https://theunmarkedroad.wordpress.com). I am also happy using my own name etc. :)
My suicide attempt...and how I hope it helps others to see that there's another way!
Let's end the stigma of Mental Health!
Thank you for the lovely encouragement! I endeavour to keep going and keep raising awareness as much as possible. Hope you are having great day :)
Thank you so much for your comment :) It's so hard to suffer in silence, feeling like a freak and not normal. I never want anyone to feel the way that I did. You're right it is hard, that's why I want to help others not feel ashamed anymore. Hope you are having a good day xx
Wow thank you so much for such high praise!
Thank you for the lovely comment! It is daunting at first, but the blogging community really is a wonderful friendly and supportive environment. Just take it one day at a time and you'll learn along the way :) - if you want any help let me know xx
Hi :)  It is awful to feel 'not normal'. I don't ever remember feeling anything other than a freak for a long time. Self-harming was just one of many ways that I 'coped' with the storm inside my head.  But I have spent 5 years learning ways of dealing in a healthy way. I never engage in harmful behaviour to cope with stress anymore...wow just saying that makes me feel somehow amazed at how different I was to back then; back when I drank, occasionally took drugs, binged and purged on food and self-harmed. I never once now have the urge to engage in any harmful behaviour (the worst I do now is eat a whole pizza to myself followed by a mountain of ice-cream - bit again that isn't to punish myself so it isn't the same thing).   So why is I have not got any desire to 'give in' to addictions? Because I learned to love myself. I love myself too much to disrespect myself in such a way. I know I deserve to be happy. And that lesson is probably the most important of anyone's life.  The tools that helped me vary from self-affirmations to meditation (no I'm not a crazy hippy, I promise ;)).  People do care, but they don't know how to deal with uncomfortable things. There is too much stigma surrounding it. I am trying to raise awareness and now try to help people that go through similar things that I survived. That's how I see it. I survived. If you'd like to speak in more detail please feel free to ask :) xx
Hi Jkwazz. I'm sorry to hear you are struggling. When I came off anti-depressants, I had the worst withdrawal, even though the doctors said you can't get withdrawal from these particular drugs. I am not from the US so I can't help in that respect, but I thought I would message you anyway incase you needed someone to talk to. I have a blog called The Unmarked Road in which I talk about y experiences with depression, anxiety and a whole heap of other stuff. You can contact me privately through it at www.theunmarkedroad.wordpress.com if you need some support.   Dani xx
The Unmarked Road | Out Of The Darkness Of Mental Illness And Into The Light Of Living Your Soul Purpose