Una foden?
it is for 10 minutes. but the feeling of thighs rubbing, completely losing what used to be a good waistline, and horrifically fat arms is not worth it, yet i still do it. i used to be 140lbs (am 5ft 7 ) and thought i was fat.
feels like no one / the world can't get you there.
have you tried any self-help books? i particularly find listening to them in audiobook form can be even better as it requires next to zero effort
You're not alone in thinking that way, although i know it feels like youre the only person in the world
I don't have personal experience with this situation but I imagine it will always hurt until you come to terms with the circumstances. I know that it's a stereotypical question but have you tried grievance or support groups?
Ask her if your suspicions are unfounded. Potentially she has an infatuation with someone else or perhaps she genuinely is just not interested in a boyfriend at the moment. Perhaps she's gay. What age are you both?
Can't help all that much OP as I'm not far off your situation. I would recommend seeing your GP and perhaps you show him this post. I also recommend audiobook or getting a book called the Chimp Paradox by Dr Steve Peters.
i often feel like "i cant wait for this day to be over so i can get in bed and forget about it" . i often look at my watch and feel sad when it's only midday because im so far away from getting to go to bed. Ive been known to get in at 6pm. I dont even know why I'm writing all this shit here
How's she your wife if there was no proposal?
I already know he won't leave his girlfriend for me; so I'm not sure what I could say. If we were soulmates, surely he would? I'm probably just being Naive.
What would I say? I'm worried of making a fool of myself. But I guess at least I'd be a fool who knows..
The first story I've genuinely enjoyed here! Fantastic writing, OP. I love the mixture of romance and passion, like ed077 says. Do more! :)
Forbidden love/sex, male dom but loving, don't like weird-ass stuff. Relatively tame.
"A best friend you happen to be attracted to" = spouse. :)
As I left the café, I turned my face upwards to inspect the sky. Entirely grey, I presumed that rain was due any moment. With a comfortingly warm paper cup in each hand, I set off at a brisk pace. As I passed the town clock tower, I noted the time- 11.55am. Bit early.  As I passed Victoria Park, I peered through the iron wrought railings. Was he here yet? Ah- the familiar flash of yellow anorak- of course he was. I continued on around the corner and through the grand gates.   The rain had began to fall, lightly, but I could tell that this was going to be a long one. The white-grey sky had a more ominous steel hue to it now, and the sound of the rain hitting the greenery around me and releasing the scent of autumn.   I sat down on the spare swing, and Adam turned his bright, inquisitive young face towards me.   "Hiya!" He said. He slowed his swinging as I handed him the smaller cup, grinned in reply, showing me his usual gummy smile.   "Whipped cream," I said, "Extra marshmallows".  "Cool," he said, taking a large slurp. There was silence as the rain pattered around us. We sat there companionably, for I don't know how long, until Adam finally broke the silence. "Did Michael call you?"  I released a long breath. Michael was my fiancé, currently serving in the Armed Forces in Syria. He was serving as part of the Royal Engineers- in the forces from the age of eighteen and he was only now twenty-five- the same age as me. It had been three weeks since I had heard anything.  "No, he hasn't."   "Not yet."   I was silent. I was staring at the chipped bark on the floor, getting darker in the spitting rain. I looked at Adam's bright blue Wellingtons, as he kicked them back and forth, half a foot above the ground. I looked at my infinitely longer legs, stretched out before us, damp black jeans and soggy black boots.   "He will." Adam said. His huge blue eyes turned on me and he watched me intently. What was it with this kid? I couldn't talk to my parents, my friends, my counsellor- but I could talk to Adam. Well- I say talk. He's the one who talks.  I exhaled. "We don't know that," I heard myself say.  "I promise." I looked at the kid. I'd never seen an expression so ernest in my life.   "How can you?" I half-scoffed, half sighed.   "Because," He said, "It's my birthday today."  "Happy Birthday!" I smiled, looking at him. He began to swing again, with purpose.   "It's my birthday today," He shouted, as he swang higher, "And I wished for it".  "Adam?" A female voice called from the pathway opposite, and a lightly grey-haired, kindly woman approached. "Afternoon, Lily," the woman said, giving me a smile. I returned it. "Time to go, Granddad's making lunch."  "Bye!" Adam shouted, as he jumped off the swing, and took his Grandmother's fragile hand. "Tell Michael I said hi."   I raised my emptying coffee cup in my hand as a farewell, and smiled meekly as they waved me goodbye. I watched his Grandmother pull his hood up over his soft brown hair as they hurried off down the path. The rain was intensifying, and again, I turned my face up towards the darkened sky, allowing the water to fall all over my face, salt water mingling with fresh.  I must have been there for longer than I thought, swinging slowly, thinking about everything and nothing at once. What has been and what could be. It was like a state of meditation that I always did, every Sunday after he left.   And then, finally, my phone began to ring.