Here is mine :  http://vocaroo.com/i/s0hJc6tVQDjx  I've been working on it for a while now so this became a pretty natural voice to me but I don't think I sound like a guy at all,more like a "low voice for a girl",ugh.  Any advice appreciated ! :)
Well,I'm attracted by people who are somewhat in the middle of the gender spectrum, usually.   I identify as male but I like to present either gender or a mix of the two,just because clothing and make-up is way too fun to limit myself.
Actually I think "seemed" really nice and open-minded would have been a better choice of words.
As strange as it seems regarding his current behaviour,he used to be really nice and open-minded before he knew haha
The things I know would help me are just people showing a bit of care,open-mindedness and understanding. Them actually be there not only when they need something out of me. A world where you don't have to brag about your achievements to feel like you exist but that's a bit too much to ask,maybe.  Is there really nothing you can think of that could help you,too ? :)
So,you could try to spend a some time alone with her,make sure the moment is really nice,conflicts-free and tell her. This is what I did to come out to my own mom,it took mad courage to say the words but I felt so much better afterwards. If she doesn't react very well,I'd recommand you to bring back the subject later but to always be there to answer her interrogations if she has some,sometimes a "not-so-good reaction" is just people failing to understand.  If this is not an option,you might want to write her a letter. Also,remember that you have time to come out,you don't have to rush it. Only do it if you feel fully prepared to do so. :)  Look,if you are in fact a girl and pursuing it would make you happy,go for it without shame ! Life really is too short to do things you don't want to do,pretend and stuff just because of a biological sex. From someone who tried reaaally hard to "be a girl" only to please everyone ( I'm FtM ) and ended up miserable,I mean it. :)
That's a cool article ! I only play GTA and Battlefield so I don't have much knowledge about other games tho haha. Glad my advice was useful ! :)
I'm fooling people into thinking I'm leading an happy and fulfilling life everyday,so yeah..you're not alone.  As for advice : did you talk to a professional about your migraines ? Finding a way to get rid of them could be a great relief for you already.
Happy birthday    internet hugs OP !
I smoke both and it seems to help me. Not in a life-changing way but it gets things going and somehow relieves anxiety !
This so much. I used to have lies-free friends but how can I feel fucking close to someone who's gonna come up to me and tell me how wonderful their life/weekend/holiday was in details then ask me 'bout mine knowing it will be jokes on my tired ass self if I come up with the truth or if they suspect it. That or they get angry in a " shut the fuck up about being lonely you don't even want to go to clubs or hang out you're just asking for it" way. As if it was this fucking easy,smh.  I don't get it either man,I'm done with this bullshit.
I "lost" the love of my life few months ago,unable to let go too and shit,the situation is nowhere near as bad as your friends' tho but i want to try my best to help.  He might not be able to cut all contact with her for now ( i know i can't ) but it would be good if he tried to slowly let go of her,if she sends him a text maybe he could try to let time pass before answering. Then try to take more and more time to answer every..time. Yeah. Does he still have the hope he can "get" her back ?
I don't know,I wish I could experience true love once in my life,that's basically all I dream of :(
I legit think my only talent is spending 6+ hours online everyday and it also works as a hobby tbh ! I've also been doing hair and make-up on me and as a small source of income for a few years.
Keeping myself busy does help even if for a short amount of time ( really,I recommand it to everyone,good relief),going out when it's 4 am with weed,cigs,whatever, because there's no one on the streets to bother the fuck out of me. All of that coated in crazy ass pretending shit all up in my head,of course,haha.
Probably because I tried everything I could to be a good person,I was always there for others,supportive as they said. But they got their share of happiness now matter how crappy they could be to others,I did not. I've put so much work into becoming a great human being,pretty and likable. Yet they got all the cake and it only got worst for me year after year. I don't think it's fair.