Awesome. Thanks!
Nope...
This kind of speaks to part of the reason I don't want kids - it's such a wild card. Every time you choose to have one, you are taking a huge risk that something could be wrong physically or mentally that will put an insane extra amount of stress on what is already a stressful existence as a parent of a "normal" kid. You may end up having a child who will never EVER leave the nest, not to mention financial burden you throughout retirement. If you can even retire.
laughed out loud...
Agree with Louisville!
Grove Ave Family   Cosmetic Dentistry
Pretty much. This is how I feel about photography forums in general lately. Pictures of XYZ are cliche, don't use zoom lenses because that makes you a loser, don't do this, don't do that. God, who cares. Most of us will never become famous for our photography and I think, or hope, most of us accept that... so just shoot what you want to shoot and who cares what other people like or say about it.
I hear you. I have the same issue with my job. It's reddit, it's Facebook, it's Twitter, it's negativity and drama everywhere. I do feel like there are more trolls on reddit though. Not so much this sub but just in general. It's just getting old.
Road tripping to area - not that familiar.   Hey all! I live in the Richmond area and I'm itching for a road trip, so I was thinking that this weekend I would just get on 81 and head down that way - Roanoke/Blacksburg/Radford. I went to Radford once years ago but really don't remember much about it. So basically, I know nothing about the area.  I'm a photographer and will be mainly using this trip to just get away and take photos of something new. I will probably be heading down Saturday morning, staying overnight and heading back Sunday night (it's a 3 hour drive).  I figured the best thing to do would be just list the things I like and see if you all have any ideas for places to go. I appreciate it!!  - rural scenes / scenic roads  - Americana, including kitschy tourist stuff, old motels, etc.  - abandoned places (saw the urban exploration thread posted on here within the last day or so, I'll check that out)  - street photography - are there any areas that would have a lot of people around on a weekend? Shopping areas other than a mall?  - I was flipping through the sub and saw someone mention a "growing hipster population" in Roanoke - is that a certain area of town?  - thrift and antique stores  - nature stuff including mountains/river are nice too but seeing as how I will only be there about two days, I don't want to be spending a lot of time hiking somewhere and back.  Thank you!!
I agree with you but it's not taking a dig at everyone in that situation. Given my lack of giveashit about relationships these days, I may actually end up that way too. But this particular guy, according to my friend, is NOT content living his life alone and is NOT happy about not having children yet. That's why I made that comment. It was just funny to me that he was lamenting recently about being bad with women and then he makes those weird comments to me.
"What's your excuse for not having children?" Excuse me???   Figured you all would get a kick out of this.  There's a guy on Facebook I am friends with. I don't know him that well but we have a mutual friend who has known him for years. He is in his early 40s and never been married, and recently told me he "isn't good with women..." well, after yesterday, I learned he is 100% correct about that.  Yesterday I posted a link to some article on Facebook about famous women's response when people ask why they don't have children. I commented that Margaret Cho's comment "I ovulate sand" made me laugh out loud.  This dude sends me a PM. "Do you really ovulate sand?"  Me: No...  Him: Oh. I'm confused then for what your excuse is.  Me: Excuse for what?  Him: Preferred excuse for no babies?  Me: You're right. That's my purpose in life. I keep forgetting.  Him: Ok. I'll let your family remind you in the future.  Me: I didn't post that as an invitation for people to tell me what to do with my uteus.  Him: Alright. Sorry. Enjoy the rest of your weekend.  Um... WHAT? To me personally it's actually worse when MEN give me shit about this. Women I just write it off as ignorance, some of them desperately want babies and assume the rest of us do. Men, I take it a little more offensively. I mean, who the F*** are you? And why do you care about what I do with my freaking uterus? It isn't 1950 anymore, I don't need some man telling me what to do with my life. Good god I was LIVID.  I would NEVER send some parent, or wannabe parent, a message that says something like "What's your excuse for having children? After all, they are useless and the world is overpopulated" - even though that's how I feel about them. Because it's not my place and none of my damn business what they do with their own lives, and I'm not arrogant enough to think that my opinion matters.  The kicker came later when I asked our mutual friend what the HELL this guy's issue was. She informs me that, based on what she knows about him (which is far more than what I know), she is pretty positive he was trying to flirt with me.  Oh god. Well, major FAIL on his part. No wonder he is "bad with women" and is still unmarried in his early 40s. Jesus. What a clueless d**k. What's my EXCUSE? Like I need an excuse to not have babies. AGHH!
I'm the same way right now.... I use my zoom lens as a series of primes (instead of "zooming" in the normal sense) and 99% of what I shoot is either at the 35mm or 50mm FF equivalents (23/35 on my Fuji). From what I've read online people say you are either a 35 or a 50 shooter... but I'm really both.  I recently got rid of my X100 and bought a 27mm pancake lens which comes out to about 40.5mm in full frame terms. I think that might be about perfect for me.
Having worked in an office that didn't have one, and now one that does - I'll take the one that does any day. Build away, people.  The office that didn't have one - mothers had no other place to store their breast milk but the fridge we all used.   In my current office, it is actually the "phone room" in the sense that people go in there with their cell phone if they need to have a private conversation and are too lazy to walk downstairs and outside.
God, I'm sorry. I was actually thinking about that when I looked up the program earlier. I would love to volunteer but the things that I am interested in doing are things that would break my heart, too. I went to ONE volunteer meeting at the SPCA years ago and could tell immediately that I would be coming home a mess every day. I thought about volunteering in a nursing home around the corner from my house, but same thing. Just a depressing environment and so much potential for loss just around the corner.
My dog is very defensive on a leash since she was attacked by two dogs last year (requiring surgery, it was a big deal). I live close to Bryan Park and I can't take her there on a leash because of all the idiots who let their dogs run loose. I don't know how she will react to a dog now and I don't want to find out. I don't get why this doesn't occur to people who let their dogs run around and run up to other strange dogs.  It's unfortunate, because my dog has issues due to no fault of ours, but I'll look like the a**hole for taking her out in public, even on a leash, if something happens.
thanks!!