I'll be the millionth AA/NA person to say how fucked up that is. Also, I've done that.
And my axe!
....why even go there?
You are the best person, I can totally hear the tone of voice for this.
Shit.
Yes
It warrants me popping them damn it
TIFU by using a customer at work as a way to keep myself from falling.   (3rd time posting, ever, all of which have been here, on /r/tifu. Still safe to say I'm an idiot.)  I still clench my butt cheeks thinking about this. It happened a few days ago. Friday night, busy, and crowded. I'm bussing that night, covering some girl's shift. Bussers at my restaurant are practically servers, except we don't take orders. ( we do all the fucking dirty work and deal with bullshit and get less money. ) anyway, I'm clearing plates off of a table, I mean, at least 8 or 9 heavy ass dinner plates, proceed to the next table To clear some more, when I start to lose my footing on spilled beer  (I hadn't noticed), and slide my ass into the splits.(I can't do the splits.) About halfway through, I drop all the plates, and violently grab a Patrons shoulder, clinging for dear life before my inner thighs rip open, crying out in pain. I quickly get up, mumble something alone the lines of 'fuckohmygodimsosorryletmegetoutofyourway', run/limp to the walk-in freezer, contemplate suicide, and open the door to find coworkers laughing in my face (not unusual.) I refused to go back into that section after cleaning up. I later had to walk over with my manager and thoroughly apologize while this guy and the rest of his family just stare at me like I just shat on their table.  Still haven't forgiven myself.
This is the kind of situation where you're in complete powerlessness, and it sucks. Some people learn the hard way, and others reach their 'bottom' when they stop digging. Shit happens dude, I'm sure if you had known her plan you wouldn't have enabled her to do so. Hang in there!
Cara, e hora de saber do World Cup. Não tem jeito.
I think I love you.
Goddamnit I meant *EAR
Finallllllly
Burn it.
I used to do this a lot, long story short it got worse before I got sober. It is most likely stress or anxiety related. It's about finding the right outlet, And your arms and face and sometimes other peoples bodies are the outlets right now. You don't feel good when you do if, But you do it anyway. I get it! There are other ways, I'm not going to say go read a book or go for a walk, I mean like write, cry and TALK to someone about whatever is hurting you and causing you to hurt yourself! Don't be discouraged, we all Have our shit.
Thank you! All awesome.