Beef MVP.
Ik zit in een vergelijkbare situatie. Ik kom erg lastig uit bed/op gang en zorg zelfs slecht voor mezelf. Mijn gedachten nemen geregeld de vrije loop met me, uiteraard de verkeerde richting in, vooral als ik mij eenzaam voel en 's avonds laat. Mijn dag/nacht ritme is bijna omgedraaid naar een nacht/dag ritme. Ik ben al een paar maanden de moed aan het verzamelen om naar mn huisarts te stappen en naar een psycholoog te vragen omdat ik weet dat dat waarschijnlijk het beste voor me is. Je bent niks verplicht, maar ik zou er wel over nadenken. Sterkte ermee, en als je ooit wilt praten, kun je me een bericht sturen.  Edit: flinke typfout omdat mijn toetsenbord op Engels staat. Niet belangrijk.
I use Kurt's "Indeed!" purely because it's also the name of the modded community I'm part of at the moment, and we use it quite often just for fun. Never gets old, funny enough. Sometimes I use Generik's "Take care, brush your hair, I'll see ya when I see ya!" or Doc's "Aaaaallllright guysssss"
Hugs
Yeah I thought so. Witchery is such a big mod, it's got way more than I expected. There are so many things you can easily miss the first time you play it. I think I might do some lycantropy later, I first wanna get the witchcraft stuff going.  If you ever want to join a server, I can recommend you check out the Indeed community (www.indeedcommunity.com). Ever since I've joined, I've been having fun and made a lot of friends there. We have just opened for applications again.
Will do, yeah! I've been reading a little about the Spirit World on the wiki here and there. You spawn there with an empty inventory right? Are there any items you can take with you? What about your armor?  I might build a maze of Ender-Bramble's (had to look them up but sounds cool) as a community thing, don't know. Depends on how easily they can be mass-produced as they're not too expensive.  So far I know just one person who has started witchery, but he has been inactive for a while. I might poke him and some others to do that ritual. Sounds like a lot of fun. Thanks for your reply!
I don't know either. In some way, I do, but I think I already know the answer and it's just a matter of time and courage.. He's my first one, we've been together for 2.5 years now. I'm 21 and I don't wanna end up alone but I don't wanna force myself any longer in this either.
Here in the Netherlands we have something for on your bread. It's a paste from [speculoos](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Speculoos), it's really sweet. I once thought my mum gave me a peanut butter sandwich, but it was a speculoos paste one. Not really painful, but it was very, very weird.
Happy birthday to you too then! :)
Oh, alright. That's pretty awesome if you ask me :)
Heh, sorry :) I had the normal one for a while but I accidentally took another flair on this account.. Really glad I got the picture back at least :P It's my 2014 mindcrack moment.
Something entertaining to wake up to every day. I live in the Netherlands, a total different time zone than most Mindcrackers so I go to bed when it's ~6PM at the East Coast. I basically miss "your" whole evening with uploads and streams but I get to watch it as soon as I wake up :D
No you were not. I was really excited and cheering out loud when he revealed his face. I have had several theories in the past week, including Chad. It had to be a newcomer. Although it would have been a huge prank like Generik wanted to do sometime, I had never believed he would've managed to. I thought for a while that it might be the person that donated the highest amount of money during the marathon, but this went on for the whole week and this would never be possible in 24hrs. BTC was also an option but he was way too busy, he started a few new series lately. It had to be a newcomer and Chad has made the switch to YouTube with gmod, Mario kart, diversity etc etc. I am really happy for him :D
Ah, yeah I watched his complete Diversity 2 series with Guude and commented on a regular basis, not every episode. I don't like Gmod Slender but I'll try and watch more TTT and Prop Hunt :D It's just about finding the time since I'm in the middle of my exams.
Yup, same for me. Had the B-team flair for a while, then Team 77 Chads of Anderz during UHC, followed by Team PWN till the end of UHC. I recently started watching more Mindcrackers than just the B-team like I used to and they are indeed equally awesome. Although /u/TranceRealistic's solution is also a possibility lol!
I've barely ever used the 'Hot' page, only during UHC's so I can easily find the thread because sometimes it's not stickied yet. And I just upvote every video I see from a Mindcracker, it's as easy as it gets. I don't watch every single video (I'd love to but there's only 24hrs in a day and I have more than Mindcrack in my life) but it's still support towards them.