Oh my goodness this made me smile so much :3 You adorable thing, you
Hey there, I'll happily send you a card if you PM your address. I'm also in Scotland so maybe my stuff won't be the most exotic to you but aw well :p
What.
Again from me over here I've got nothing but sympathy, it feels horrible to be uncomfortable and insecure about your body, or part of it. And, just like society places horrible pressure on women to look attractive, I do think it's sad that small peenies are *sometimes* the butt of a few jokes here and there.  But I have to admit that, as someone who has dated guys with a range of penis sizes, I JUST DON'T CARE ABOUT PENIS SIZE. I'm also willing to bet that the majority of women don't either. Apart from the ones that are basically female versions of TRPers. Seriously, using your own bodily insecurities as fuel for a bitterness and AWALT rant, that is truly some next level self-improvement, nice job, guys /s
Could be caecotrophs? Guinea pigs, like many other fibrevores produce two kinds of poop, the regular pellets you see all over the place, and a special kind which they eat immediately as they excrete it, so it's rare that you get a chance to see them. I have no idea what they look like but from descriptions they are softer and smellier than regular poops. I'd recommend doing a bit of Googling, I wish I could point you in the direction of something more helpful...  Edit: http://beefycow.com/what-does-normal-guinea-pig-poop-look-like/ Either way, it seems that if you do find them about the cage (instead of them being eaten immediately) then there might be something wrong
Seconded! I used to love 'high fantasy' type stories as a little girl, but I guess I lost interest in the genre as I grew up. I used to think I wasn't that into Discworld, as I'd originally tried reading the first couple on the series and wasn't particularly impressed, unaware that these are generally considered to be not at all representative of the others in terms of quality.  I'm so glad I gave some of the later books a chance, and would definitely say to others not to be put off by the earlier titles.
Thanks, maybe I'll give that a go today :)
This is both adorable and so painfully relatable. I'm sure you've not ruined your chances though OP, just talk to her again some other time or whatevs.
Yeah, it's always reassuring to find out that some things are...'things' that other people have talked about and given names to :) When I was a little girl I used to sort of 'force' it during long school assemblies, by staring at the head of whoever was standing at the front of the hall and making it switch to looking tiny and close up. Clearly it didn't bother me so much back then and I really wish I hadn't; I think it's made it 'easier' for my brain to switch into that mode and gah, it's horrible.  A few tips for trying to snap out of it: Shaking your head. Getting up and moving about in the room, so you can appreciate the actual scale of the world through more senses than just sight. Pinching or hurting yourself in some way. If it's night time, switching on the lights can sometimes help. These can usually work for me, hopefully they do the trick for you too :)
ELI5: I can buy a 'complete' food for my pets that gives them all the nutrients they need in one serving of homogeneous 'nuggets', why hasn't such a thing been made for humans?   Kind of like Bachelor Chow in Futurama, or tasty tasty Soylent Green, I guess.  I mean, surely something could be made that gives you close to what our current understanding of human nutrition recommends we get each day. Like a vitamin pill but bulked out to make a sort of human chow. Artificial flavourings or whatever could be used to make it taste nice, right? Is there some obvious reason that it's not a thing that I haven't thought of? I mean, I guess it's kind of undignified, but then again so is living off of frozen pizzas and mountain dew.  I'd buy it. I'd buy the shit out of it.  Edit: Thanks, I woke up to a lot of useful discussion. I guess it just wouldn't be hugely popular unless in survival situations, damn humans and their decadent tastes for, well, nice tasting-things :p
"You're a gentleman in a world of scoundrels" - something I must tell ~~my boyfriend~~ m'gentlesir more often
Well...gosh
Seconded with Fight club, in fact I just said that somewhere else on this board.  EDIT: Just realised it's you again, mega awks :p
I have sex dreams from time to time, like a regular person I guess, and they don't particularly bother me, unless they're particularly hilariously awkward like with someone I know. I always just think, "yeah whatever, it happens".   But then I have these dreams which aren't exactly sexual so much as...**completely adorable**, like I'm snuggling or just kissing with someone I know, and it's so tender and loving and PC and sweet, regardless of how I actually feel about that person IRL. And those are the ones I wake up from feeling a little bit guilty and awkward about, not the scary crazy sex-having dreams... :X
Please deliver! Like, maybe this isn't the most popular comment ever but each one of us is a person who really frigging wants to see this picture!
This happened once to me! I was such a superstitious kid, unlike now, being a super suck-the-fun-out-of-everything-mega-skeptic, and I had lost a bag of mine, a Hello Kitty bag, for those who care. It was gone for days and it was bugging me so so much and I had turned the house top to bottom looking for it. I must have been about 10 or 11 and I thought "meh, maybe if I just focus on it really hard I'll be able to do some kind of remote viewing psychic voodoo or whatever".  Sat down and thought about the bag as vividly as I could and then the cupboard in our hall came to mind, equally vividly, the very first location that did come mind, too. Sure enough it was there, someone else must have tidied it away as I certainly hadn't put it there and it was completely an unlikely place for it, this was where we'd normally put things like phone books and stolen IKEA pencils, you know, hallway junk, but not bags.  Needless to say it never happened again or anything similar, as cool as I thought it was at the time and as hard as I tried to repeat it. The brain's a big place that remembers stuff you may have explicitly forgotten and we have plenty of unremarkable experiences in our lives, so...yeah, probs just a neat fluke/coincidence. But it totally rocked my 10/11 y/o mind.