Past regrets
Feel the fear and do it anyway!
Awesomeness overload.   1) Do they share any stories with you?? Reminds me of Ed  Lorraine Warren.   2) What's the name of the hospital? Sounds like an amazing mystery, I want to do a little digging myself too!
I didn't know that - with the comments below I'm not sure I should attempt to watch the reboot
Sleepers, Inception, Schindler's List, The Godfather 1 - 2 - 3, The Silence of the Lambs, Saving Private Ryan, Braveheart, Dances with Wolves, The Pianist, Scarface, The Green Mile, Legends of the Fall, About Time.
The Wedding Singer
We needed to feed 7 of us, after combining all of our chump change (college/uni students) we went to the gas station and bought a 5 pack of ramen and a pack of precooked Sizzlers sausages.   We cooked the ramen and sausages, added a bit of chilli powder and ate using what cooking utensils we could find at my mate's flat since he only owned one fork.
I'm definitely excited to get started on it, to not have to worry about acne anymore..I can only imagine what that's like. Thanks for taking the time to comment :)
29, my most important life lessons till now are a) be true to yourself and b) surround yourself with good friends who motivate and support you, don't waste your time being fake or having fake friends.
Patricia Arquette as Alison Dubois in Medium...such a cool lady on the show but seems like such a let down in reality.
Hey - don't stop doing what you're doing.  I personally don't think we have a valid excuse to be rude to guys who approach us simply because we're "not in the mood" or we're already taken. If you genuinely just want to say hi and start a friendly conversation, there shouldn't be anything wrong with that!  If you're being sleazy/creepy and all up in our personal space too soon and getting touchy/feely - our body language will tell you we're uncomfortable then yeah, chances are you're going to end up getting rejected. Outside of these kind of scenarios - a rude bullshit snappy "not interested" is pretty stink. Turn right around and walk away - you just dodged a bullet.
Thanks - will definitely give it a go!
Not the one but definitely need to put it on my to read list, thanks! If I do find out what it's called I'll let you know. I read this when I was younger so the details are a bit hazy but I remember reading it thinking ooh probably too young for this.
woot!
Bacon
Up until the beginning of this year I had been friends with this person for 11 years since our uni days. In hindsight, it was a toxic friendship - I had to constantly walk on eggshells for fear of pissing him off, he constantly had tantrums, was very calculative and he only helped others if it benefited him. Everyone was scared to stand up to him because we didn't want to rock the boat.   After coming home from a road trip with a group of friends to celebrate my birthday I spoke to a mutual friend about how hurt I was that this friend constantly sulked, got angry and even gave me the silent treatment for a couple of hours. This "friend" had told me on my birthday that when friends piss him off, he likes to make them feel like shit. That was the last straw for me, that's not what friendship is about.  This mutual friend told this guy what I had said and obviously this "friend" of mine was royally pissed and started ignoring me while trying to gather a merry band of idiots to turn against me as well. He managed to turn another friend I had known for 11 years against me but was unsuccessful with the others. (We're all in our late to early 30s)  We never patched things up, I was very upset about it all for months but then I started realising that I was finally free of this toxic influence in my life and I could now enjoy the friendships I choose to nurture. It's not about how long you've known the person, it's about the kind of influence they have that matters for example, whether they're positive and supportive people. It's still very awkward when our original group gets together but it's OK, I'm spending most of my time now with wonderful amazing friends.