I think if you look on the Iowa State DOR webpage they might have a link to a Youtube series where they give a virtual tours of the dorms.  I lived in Maricopa (near Walton) last year and absolutely loved it. The apartment was clean, well furnished, and fairly close to the Cyride Red Bus line. I had my own private bathroom and my bed was lofted, not sure if yours will be. Good area overall to live in.   Edit: Someone mentioned Walton being far away, it is quite far by bus but if you have a car not bad. Away from the chaos of campus but Welch is still within decent distance so you can hit bars and such.
Yeah I've met people like that, their mentality is fucked up and poisonous. Same people who scoff at me for being in graduate school "you're gonna study your life away." Nope making a better one for myself. I'm extremely lucky my family is nothing like that.
It probably just looks bad. I'm a girl and my mom told me take my hand out of my pants as a kid all the time. Said it looks inappropriate. I like the warmth.
Same here.
Not OP but sometimes it is hard to deal with, it gets tiring after awhile. But I also know who I am, as well as my friends and family, all that we've accomplished. Most of the POC I know don't fit any one of the common stereotypes I see, so I know it's bullshit. I see a lot of the racist people on Reddit as ignorant and uncultured, and definitely not qualified to speak for "the black community".
I've seen similar things on Huffpost Black Voices and it makes me pretty angry. For one things it implies that there's something inherently wrong with femininity and masculinity is always the standard to be upheld.   There's been accusations that these shows are white people's attempt to destroy the black family. As a queer identifying black women, I have to ignore the identity erasure. Ah, the beauty of intersectionality.  Edit:spelling
Do you guys have general guidelines for how much of each item you put on? Like sometimes my bowl will be heaped with cheese and beans, other days not so much.
Me too. Thanks God for the internet or else I would suspect I was the only one.
How do you personally answer the race and gender sections of job applications?   I'm in the process of applying for jobs for this summer and there is pretty much always "optional" questions asking for race, ethnicity, and gender  identification. Back in high school I experienced a "processing error" every time I checked black. So I decided to experiment and click white. Received a smiley face and was told my application had been submitted.  Now as a college grad I'm unsure if I should check the black box, prefer not to answer, or straight up lie.    I heard these questions are used simply for statistical purposes or for affirmative action or to filter out POC from the applicant pool. What do you ladies do in situations like these?
Time travel, whilst retaining previous knowledge
Yeah I have to remind myself not to do this anymore. Even though whole shells taste delicious blood pouring out of my butthole isn't pleasant
Thanks!
Those features make me super paranoid I'm gonna hit the "share" button on my favorite interracial midget porn. I have to check my page afterwards to make sure it's not posted in my newsfeed.
I know this is totally unrealistic but sometimes I imagine I have enough money to buy a small island and move there, to get away from all the b.s. Being black and queer in this country is enough to drive me batshit.
Don't this shit make a nigga wanna!
Has anyone here gone through the process of trying to determine if they're a "tomboyish" lesbian or ftm? I could use some advice and perspective.   First of all, sorry if anything in my title was the wrong terminology. Ok to the issue. I'm at a point in my life where I'm not sure if I'm a lesbian or if I'm ftm. Yes, I know that one is a sexual orientation and the other is gender identity, but to me the lines sort of intersect.  I've lurked here for awhile and noticed I do some of the same day to day things as others on this sub. I wear men's cologne sometimes, definitely a fan of Calvin Klein boxerbriefs, and try to downplay my femininity to a certain extent. I would love to cut my hair into a tapered cut, it's long now, but I'm afraid of parental and sorority sister backlash.   My identity time line went from bisexual in middle school, lesbian, to now wondering if I'm trans. When I was a kid, I actually cried over the fact that I didn't have a penis and was devastated when I got a period and grew breasts. You couldn't tell me that the world wasn't over, I was so uncomfortable. I tried to pee standing up and God help the person at McDonalds who gave me a girls' toy. I was happiest with hotwheels and nerf guns.   I'm 23 now and my style is a blend of men's and women's styles. I'm ok with my breasts and body but sometimes envy the athletic male body type and fantasize about having it myself. I date femme women. Has anyone else gone through the struggle of trying to figure out if they're a "mannish" lesbian or really ftm? Sorry for the novel and any poor choice of words.