I wonder what she's thinking...
Wow. Congrats. First time I've actually said WTF on this subreddit.  Would not recommend clicking.
Gorgeous eyes!
I went to the ER yesterday and am on antibiotics for 10 days! The owners have caged the cat and I'm calling animal control on Tuesday (long weekend).
A clown with a syringe.
Curly toe beans! 3
Nope! He's caucasian but it's not a white supremacy thing.
WHERE ARE MY TUNA FLAKES?!
Please post more pics when you get him. He's adorable! 3
Thank you for sharing this picture. I've been really struggling with my depression lately and this picture really cheers me up.
Why play with toys when you can bite an arm?
Cute little underwear
Omg they look so much alike!! Our kitties are both so cute :)
Cat got bitten by other cat   My cat was playing in the backyard today and the neighbours cat crawled from under the fence and started chasing my cat. She got really scared and ran inside but it wasn't until later that we realized that the other cat bit her twice on her butt. We applied some polysporin but she is walking sort of funny now. Both my cat and the neighbours cat are up to date on their vaccines.   We're taking her to the vet in the morning but I was just wondering if anyone could provide any info regarding what to do otherwise? It's my first experience with a cat bite. Kind of panicking right now :(
Ellie
I [20F] can't get over my boyfriend of 5 months [22M] past   I basically met the man of my dreams a few months ago, we started dating and everything is going amazing.. but I can't seem to let go a few aspects of his past. I know it's irrational, pointless and quite frankly none of my business what he did in the past but it still bothers me. He lost his virginity to one of this high school teachers at age 15. I've asked him about it but he only gave me a vague recollection of it and told me not to worry about it.. yet I still do. How do I go about forgetting this?   **tl;dr**: can't accept the fact that boyfriend lost virginity to his high school teacher.