Progress!!   I quit swimming my freshman year of HS (it's been 5 years), but recently I've been wanting to get back in shape. I was a decent swimmer when I was competitive, so it hasn't taken too long for me to get back to where I was. I got in the pool 4 weeks ago, and I've been swimming 4 times/week and today I swam 2200 yards (in sets), and timed a 30sec 50 (without a start). Feels good man!
I go to Dickinson also! Went to the Bay last semester. I wish we could have seen this house. That looks like a really cool adventure!
Hot damn...
Anyone remember him from 7th Heaven?
indeed.
Thanks. I'll keep that in mind. Attitude is important. :)
Dem THIGHS!
[Tell me it's not true!](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tdk262sZ4oc)
This is my kitty, Onyx :)
I have to agree with you. I think this is the case because we followed Zuko's progression as much as Aang's, but 1)Zuko went through more change personally which made him more appealing towards the end, maybe? 2) We all knew Aang would fight the Firelord; that was never a doubt. However, Zuko's fight with Azula was more uncertain throughout the series since Zuko's loyalties were in question all the time. So, it was more surprising I think when it came right down to it when it was time to fight her (not to mention satisfying to see her get her ass beat - the crazy bitch...). 3) Last thing is the personal aspect. They were brother and sister. They knew each other and had a connection through their shared past (twisted yes), but Aang and Ozai were not personally invested in their fight (yes, Aang probably was, but Ozai definitely was not).
I agree with you on the snow and rain thing. It's amazing what a little precipitation can do. All of a sudden it's like "OMG!! THERE'S RAIN/SNOW ON MY WINDSHIELD! I NEED TO DRIVE LIKE A MORON NOW!" My dad was one of the smart parents who taught me how to drive in both.
I don't think her experience would make it less special for you. I had a similar experience with my current boyfriend who had never kissed anyone, but i had. When you're in the moment, those things don't matter that much.
Well, I can say from experience that the mother probably has had a huge influence in how your daughter feels. I lived with my mom for most of my life. My mom hated my dad too and I grew up thinking I should hate him. I learned later that a lot of things my mom said to me were only half-truths. I don't know the whole story with you, but the mom could have something to do with it and your daughter is a teenager now. You rarely see her, so she can easily use you as a target for her anger. Teens are nasty sometimes. Is there anyway you could collaborate with your daughter's mother to work something out? It seems like you aren't on good terms with her, but in the interest of your daughter, maybe something can be worked out.
D: That poor dog...I'm so happy someone rescued it. 47% down vote...Really?!
my band teacher's go to joke.
Not the most attractive expression for her...but she's still pretty.