I get how my comment could be seen as referring to her ass, but I didn't intend to draw attention to that.I honestly just thought it was interesting that the editors chose to include that shot in the trailer. Black Widow has something of a rotating arsenal, and hasn't been given a staple, sort of character defining weapon, the same way other MCU characters have. I saw the inclusion a shot of these guns as interesting considering this contrast. I think she is definitely sexualized within the MCU, but that really isn't what I was trying to point out. If anything, its indicative of a larger issue of our perception of the character, and perhaps more broadly women in popular films like those in the MCU, that you, and maybe other redditors, would assume I was attempting to make an objectifying observation.
I think you are being unfair and unreasonably presumptuous. I do attend class, so I know the Prof didnt mention this during lecture, and I didnt expect to hand in this essay late, I just happen to work 30 hours a week on top of taking a full course load. My question really doesnt have a great deal to do with the prof, so much as it does the hours and staffing at Jackman Humanties. I simply want to know if my paper will be stamped as one day late, if the due date is friday, and it is submitted on a saturday. I am worried that it wont be stamped until monday, at which point it will be seen as 3 days late, despite being submitted just one day after the original due date.
Yeah, hopefully they're able to adapt the story-line without sacrificing too much of the original ideas. I think Black Panther is a solid choice, as him being foreign and new to the world of the Avengers will position him as unbiased and neutral, and through his eyes the audience will be able to impartially view either side of the civil war. His recent introduction into modern society is a great stand in for Spidey's pure intentions, and  corresponds well with the growing moral ambiguity in the MCU, especially considering the collapse of Shield, and Tony's role in the creation of Ultron.
maybe fillion would work better as allan scott?
a funnel for butt chugging.
looking for a lightweight, long lasting computer that can also run games-13/14 inches- Canada 1000 dollars   Between work and university I use my laptop a lot, and it can be quite bothersome to carry something heavy. I am looking for something lightweight, with around a 13 or 14 inch screen, solid battery life, and powerful enough components to run games. i dont game so much, but id like to be able to run skyrim, arkham games, ect, and have them looking fairly ok. thanks!
the top part looks like a giant artichoke
should have used the bat credit card
You forgot it in people- broken social scene  In the aeorplane over the sea- neutral milk hotel  Illmatic- nas  Music from big pink- the band  Sgt. Peppers lonely hearts club band- the Beatles
so i should respond to the email inquiring about an interview with the second branch as if i hadn't already been hired by the first one? and ill bring up that i had already been hired during the actual interview?  by the way, thanks for your input, i really appreciate it!
awesome, thanks for all the info!  i hate to bother you with more questions, but i was wondering if you knew any ontario companies as well?   I'm trying to apply to as many companies as possible, I'm really hoping to plant this summer!
Im a student, but I'd like to treeplant at least for the next 4 summers, potentially even after I graduate. are there any companies you can recommend applying to, as a first year planter?
Thanks. Does anyone know when the winter exam schedule is posted?
how much money did you originally pump into this?
not enough people live in most of these areas to justify the billions it would cost to build these stops. i hate awkwardly busing around as much as the next person, but this isn't an investment that would ever pay off.
clearly the work of drug kingpin, todd cannot be stopped