For breakfast, I eat 2-3 eggs, scrambled, which cooks up in less than 3 minutes. I put this over whole-wheat toast. Lately I've been heating up some canned diced tomatoes - the italian style - and putting that over the eggs.   If you really don't have time in the morning, hard boil some eggs ahead of time and eat 2-3 in the morning with some salt.   Sometimes I'll eat some avocado and salsa too.
How do you get them for free?
I didn't imply shit with that comment. It was a question. Asking, who would it be untrue for? It's like, oh, you know, getting limbs amputated is a traumatic experience. And then someone says, that's not true. And I would be in awe and say, untrue for who!?  I then said miscarriages are PHYSICALLY traumatic. For everyone. I am not a fucking victim, are you retarded? It's irritating that I'm getting blasted for believing miscarriages are a huge deal, which apparently, they aren't. I haven't had a miscarriage. I haven't gotten an abortion. Excuse me. And I can fucking swear if I god damn please. It's the fucking internet.   That isn't what I said at all honestly. I'm fucking impressed by the level of argument I'm receiving here, but it's bullshit.
Hilarious. I'm using this in the future.
It sounds like your skin is dehydrated if it's producing that much oil. I would definitely make sure you are moisturizing and wearing sunscreen.   Take a look at the sidebar and some product recommendations. When I first started I got a basic cleanser, a moisturizer, and a sunscreen. I made sure to take my makeup off, then switched my pillow cases more frequently. Then I added other products in slowly. You just have to be patient! I know it sucks because you are used to clear skin.   If youve got any questions about specific products just ask in the routine threads, and be sure to patch test and introduce new products one at a time.
Clip on earrings?   So I have had my ears pierced in the past but they were constantly infected no matter what I did, so I let them close. I'd still like earrings, but I'm too chicken to deal with the needle and I think I'd still have the issue of irritation.   Is there any place that sells cute clip ons? Preferably ones that don't make it obvious you are wearing clip ons? Do these exist? I only know of earrings like that for young girls.   Any help is appreciated. Thanks!
It's possibly your toothpaste. Most toothpastes have sodium lauryl sulfate in them which can cause breakouts. Switching to a toothpaste like Sensodyne or another brand without SLS could fix the issue.
Yay! I totally feel the same. I have depression and anxiety and though I am on medication taking my own steps to better myself has helped a lot.   And, as a bonus, when I'm really depressed and don't want to get out of bed, my skincare routine makes me want to!
I agree with trying the Gold Bonds rough and bumpy, I went through two tubs of that stuff, it smells great.   Right now I'm trying the Cerave SA repair cream with 2% salicylic acid. It's working great! I'll apply that about every other day, then use a fragrance free body lotion, right now I'm using vaseline intensive care at least once a day.   Also, I use exfoliating gloves to physically exfoliate my body. You might want to check out /r/ladyshavers for some tips on shaving. I personally switched to a double edge razor and I use a fresh blade very frequently. I also find if I use mineral oil to shave my legs are quite a bit smoother.   Good luck!
Hey guys! I'm new to this subreddit. I have my first order coming soon, I got the Benton Snail Bee High Content Essence and a pack of MBD sheet masks. I'm excited! I am a broke college student so this is a dangerous addiction lol. I'm already filling up my amazon wishlist with other products to try! I really want to get OCT C20 to help my PIH.   Today is a really lazy day for me, since I have about a week of winter break left until school. I should really stop buying things so I can pay off my tuition lol...
You look so amazing and so much happier! I love how simple your routine is too.
Hey! I'm on week three of keto and day 1 seems like it was yesterday! Seriously, keto is the least diet-y diet I have ever been on and I love all the awesome food I can eat (MEAT lol).   One thing that helped me immensely was my fitness pal, if you don't have one get one, because I have tons of friends from /r/keto and /r/xxketo. You should add me, my username is sperhauk on there (and anyone else can add me as well). It's nice to have a lot of internet buddies holding you accountable and inspiring you!   I read something on /r/GetMotivated that said something like, you already know what it's like to give in. What would it feel like to keep going? That inspires me so much.   I also don't have a huge budget to go on when it comes to keto so bulk buying foods (especially meat) and planning meals goes a long way into saving money!
Fuck that guy. A relative I hadn't seen in a while at a birthday party just randomly sidled up to me and told me I got heavier. Like no one fucking asked you. You've been fat the entire time I have known you and I dont comment on it! Fuck. People are rude. Try not to let it bother you! You've got us girls on here to give you support :)
Oh my god. That is so fucking hilarious and so sad at the same time.
This happens to me too. A lot of people tell me, "but you're not fat, why do you need to lose weight?" I don't know if they are just trying to be polite? I have extra weight on me and it's noticeable.
I got that reaction too. He also had issues with me not being "comfortable" enough for him in bed. He had issues with me because I wouldn't let him go down on me. Well, the girl he cheated on me with sure liked it, which I guess is a good enough reason to throw a five year marriage away.   Good on you for leaving that situation. I've been depressed for God knows how long and every day he isn't in my life I feel better emotionally.