sonya curry
HAHA that was genius
interesting
love it
hey its really great that you're trying to get in better shape, but what exactly do you mean by "fit by that deadline" do you mean losing a certain amount of lbs? running a mile in a certain amount of time? dont look for a quick fix. think about it this way. you're undoing 21 years of unhealthy living, so it's not going to happen in just 3 months.   id say start with running a mile everyday. or if thats too much 1/2 mile. and for food, you dont have to micromanage, but learn about the caloric contents of your food (how many calories, how many grams of fat, carbs, proteins) eat more vegetables, clean lean meats (if your not vegetarian), healthy fats from nuts, avocado or fish, and avoid processed sugar/ refined carbs.  that should be plenty to get started
mannnn. haha not your fault dude. onto better things!
glad it went ok after that
LOLLL
sexual christian girls   last weekend i hooked up with a girl after a fun night out. we had a great time, and then i guess it got pretty intimate not just physically but on a personal level. we ended up getting to religion and i explained my deconversion. she told me she was actually a devout christian which really caught me off guard, considering everything she had just done was probably a sin in her opinion. then she said that people have tried to prove the bible false, but that no one has been able to. i was shocked at her confidence, and i don't have any concrete evidence, but i highly highly highly doubt that the bible is inerrant.   tl;dr, hooked up with a christian girl. she was very christian, but also didn't feel guilty. i was surprised.   thoughts?  + also read this if you have the time  http://www.gty.org/resources/positions/p10/you-can-trust-the-bible
popcorn...  ice cream...  chips...
oh definitely. im sure in the heat of the game, once they lose their cool, they arent thinking straight and arent considering slowmo replays/ refs watching.   also none of these plays are actually my favorite, if anything im poking fun at how stupid some of this is. i think any play that isn't a "basketball play" and can cause injury is really really stupid and could damage or even end another players career
oh was that last year? hahaha
burritos
hahaha i do that when im checking for acne or food stuck in my teeth. looks like im trying to get a good angle for a selfie...
first thing reading through that: you're a good writer and it was really cool reading your articulate thoughts. hell is scary, and the whole science vs. religion and how some christians think science is evidence of how detailed god is... idk it just seems like an easy way out. but yeah there are times when i think back to the christian teachings i was raised with. how there are passages like, the enemy will try to deceive you or there will be false gods and stuff like that. but when i try to really look at the world, god just doesnt make sense. every culture had a religion to explain how they came to being.
i really respect that. i'm definitely planning on knocking out far and reg first. starting work in august, so i'll have to finish bec and aud after i've started