Thanks!
I just drove home from working there, funny seeing it on here now. I can't get away from Braums :(
Patriots: NFL 2k5
Right on! Very very cool :)
Happy birthday!
Buried
You look 13.
BLOOD ON SMACKDOWN
Haha, actually, it is, but that's not where i first saw it. There was a cooking forum a long, long time ago where an English gentleman described a pudding recipe as wanky. I took liberties and now it's a phrase I use a bunch :P
Please help me find someone   I posted a few weeks ago on here, and a user named I-can-listen send me messages. We communicated almost daily, and she's one of the only things I have in my life. If you can make her see this, it would help so much.
That's one of the most ignorant things I've ever heard. "Jeez, why'd that girl commit suicide from cyber bullying??? She wasnt REALLy persecuted, I mean, come on!"  If you are going to go down the list of what constitutes persecution, I find that over 3000 people getting together and making fun of my beliefs constitutes persecution. The def. of that word is to be subject to hostility. I don't think anyone can judge what someone feels, and if they are feel they are persecuted. To clarify, please don't take this hostilely. What I am trying to say is that it is in the eye of the beholder in terms of who decides if they're persecuted. If I go on r/atheism and see [this](http://i.imgur.com/hcBQP.jpg) , feel very persecuted. We should respect all and everyone's opinion, because if we don't, then who can respect ours?
agreed.
You're not alone, man. I wish you good luck, and I know that there are people who care about you. Don't forget about them. I guess it's comforting to me to know that it's not a personal flaw that makes me like this tonight, it's something that the world just happens to do to a person at the worst time. I hope we both get through it, and I want you to know i care about you, i don't care what flaws you have, I guarantee there are happy people who have worse. So don't blame yourself.
How to duggy
What's the kindest thing you've seen someone do recently?   I really wish I had an "I'll start," but sadly that's not the case. Do tell though. i think it makes people happier to know there's a reason to have faith in humanity!
My type of game is cod :( I know, hate on me but it's what I enjoy. However, if I bought the game because I enjoyed the story, I would be incredibly stupid. I might play the first mission. But probably not. So far on mw3, I've got 20 minutes on the campaign, and 8 days on the multiplayer. Campaigns are just gone from those games, but I'm not really into single player so I'm okay with that.