Swim. Dance.
The 12 Worst Habits for Your Mental Health
Sorry for cutting in - if you get the time please check my responses below.  I'm in Mumbai, India. I have a similar problem getting my psychotropic meds for depression/anxiety. I have to go get them every month and it's quite traumatic because of the sheer anxiety of the pharmacists judging me. If I understand correctly, in the US, pharmacies get prescriptions directly from shrinks (at least that's what my friend in NYC told me), and you just have to walk up there and get your meds. Here, I have to get a physical prescription, go on the same date, and then stand for about 20 minutes to eventually get my meds. Plus, sometimes, they say "not in stock," which means I'll have to call them and/or visit them multiple times. I wish things were easier/better.
A doctor here.   About antibiotics - I think you forget to mention that the most important reason for multidrug-resistant batcteria is rampant antibiotic use. This measure helps curb that.
Ellen DeGeneres
ELI5: How do you imagine the ecliptic (in astronomy) from the POV of an observer on Earth through the sidereal year?   I have gone through the various resources (WikiPedia, YouTube, Reddit) about the ecliptic but still find it hard to imagine it. Is there any better way someone can explain people to imagine the ecliptic from the point of view of an observer on earth looking up at the sky over the course of the sidereal year?
Would women in general be willing to admit to your hypothesis?
Not sure about Enzo  Cass.
NXT talent   I've been really impressed with Sami Zayn and Tyler Breeze (more than Adrian Neville). Plus, I love the Vaudevillians gimmick. All of them, plus The Ascension, should be on the main roster, right? Plus, I watched Jason Jordan in this week's NXT episode and even be looked good enough to get into the main roster. What do you all think?
ELI5: Hypothetical travel to a nearby galaxy   I've been reading up about the speed of light and time dilation etc. So if suppose we build a spaceship to travel very close to the speed of light and go to the Andromeda Galaxy (2.5 million light years away) and return back, would Earth be older by 5 million years when the spaceship returns?
Not sure I understand the second sentence. I think you meant than when you resorted to passive aggressive ways, there bad repercussions. I rarely ever shout, swear at, bad mouth, throw things, or let steam out because I think I'm the "good" or the "better" guy. I think no conflict works. Instead, educated conversations detailing problems and working on solutions works for me with other people. But my partner doesn't work this way. I'm stuck and I'd also like others' views.
I personally am in in any capacity to do so because of health reasons. But I'll pass the message one to those concerned. Thank you for your advice.
A Rogue State Along Two Rivers
Oh, thanks. I'll repost it in the right subreddit.
If you can believe that people on the other side of the world on the internet want to listen to you, it's likely that there are people in your immediate vicinity who will be. Just remember this - you are not an idiot/moron/bad person. Your brain and the chemical inside are making you feel this. Have you tried seeking professional help? If not, I would encourage you to do it.   I will share with you an anecdote. A few years back, I was reeling under the first wave of full-fledged clinical depression. I was stubborn/obstinate and decided that there was no point in living anymore. I was then in a long-distance relationship. My then boyfriend listened to me and asked me to give myself 6 months. After 6 months, if I felt the same, he said he would let me do it. During the 6 months, however, my boyfriend got through to my friends and was able to start me on medication. That helped. I was able to cope better.  Maybe you can also do that. Here's a hug. Wish it were a real one.
Dog cheating while doing exercise - cute