It just slowed me down a TON last time I got it and just ew. I wish I could do it without rainmeter but nah
I'm open! GT: Troop4921
Game Day next Saturday! (or 11/16)   Hey guys! Sorry about the past couple play days falling on their faces and not doing to well! I've been very busy irl working on the musical I'm in at my school and other works! Hopefully you all can forgive because this time I'm attempting to give a week's notice so if you want to join, please write your Gamertag in the comments and I (GT: Troop4921) will message you next friday to let you know your in and we're still doing this!  See you all on the battlefield! Mickey over and out!
I might x-post this onto /r/ODST if you don't mind. A few other redditors and myself went and did this a few months back and it was a blast.
Perk: Luck of the Draw  Description: You sure do know how to hold 'em and fold 'em and for that skill, Casinos never kick you out! You make two times the normal amount of money and have a higher chance of getting a perfect hand in Blackjack!  Req.: Luck 6, Barter 50, Speech 50
The Saints
Im doing a small guns/unarmed run currently and it is just so fun. I am with NCR and I raided Cottonwood Cove to get Recompense for the Fallen which, combined with the copious amounts of Rushing Water I have made available, can kill Yao Guai's, Cazadore's, Nightstalker's, and (baby) Deathclaw's with no problem. I would put more points in your Strength and Endurance and maybe the implant for Luck and Agility. I would suggest PN(Project Nevada) cause it gives you an opportunity to get another implant called Razor Nails that raises Crit. Hit and Base Damage of Unarmed.
Um, hate to correct but it's Primm... *cough* anyways, yeah I went to the Strip for my dad's wedding and it was honestly one of the greatest experiences just because I felt like if I was able to walk around in armor, I'd be in the game.
ODST Wallpaper(x-post /r/Halo)
House or NCR?   So I just started up my first PC playthrough after 100%ing the gameplay on Xbox. This run so far is an energy weapons one. I'm only level 20 and not too far into the main questline but I'm at the point that I need to choose which line I want to go.  I have House, who I have always liked considering the fact that he shielded his city and it's people.  Then there is also the NCR, who for a while considered me to be one of their soldiers until I killed the merc group bugging Jacobstown. I really can't decide and would love some feedback if anyone has any!
I will definitely get a hold of you by the end of the month! This kinda makes me laugh cause we are close to all the exact same achievements.
*loudly applaudes* Congratulations!
Got it! Thanks dude!:)
Alright, im working on them now since I have a bit before I start my livestream again
Hey hey, /u/IKissMyCousin, I didn't recognize the name but recognize the GT! and /u/Mercutio77, I might get on XBL later tonight. Keep watch!
Alright. I will give the Win on this one to you and accept I'm wrong. Stupid misinformation in my head