I didn't realize the implication, I really was not trying to say that. I removed that comparison.
I think you guys should remember I was being carried through the crowd up by a sea of pumped up drunk people at a Slipknot concert. Every girl who crowdsurfs knows there is a chance of getting groped, that risk comes with the experience. Not to mention the bikini string could have very well been pulled accidentally. My perspective on this was a fun, memorable concert experience that left me with a better understanding of myself.   **edit: my mosh pit comparison implied the opposite of my point, I'm sorry. I do not think that you are asking to get groped if you're a girl and you crowdsurf. **
Thanks for being appropriate, HumanMilkshake.
I'd have to wait a few years, haha. Thank you for the advice though.
Nude beaches sound awesome, I've always hated having to wear a bathing suit.
I didn't want to put it back on
I feel like it can be difficult to always be there for someone in that state, as hard as it is to actually be in that state. It's hard to just get out of the hole you're in. You can't just leap out, you have to take small steps, climb slowly, make progress. It's fine if you slip a little bit, it's fine if you need to stop and take a rest. It's fine if you need someone to help you. The most important thing is the fact you want to get out. You know, this is your journey and you just gotta keep moving
The thing is, I've tried being friends with her girlfriend, and we've hung out quite a bit. This change seemed to start when I gave my friend that painting. Should I just talk to her girlfriend and be like "Hey I think of her as a sister, not romantically."?
Distractions do help somewhat, it sucks when you literally don't even have the energy for distractions though. u/rossa8 had some good advice, using music to kinda help direct your mood, starting out with angsty and sad music then transitioning to happy up beat music. Although I would say your cycles sound like rapid cycling which is associated with bipolar disorder, have you looked into that?
Thank you :-) It really does feel like you're "floating" through the lows, just letting the days pass by. It seems like you're more in need of support than I am right now, so please stay strong, remember that this will pass. Sending good vibes your way 3
Thank you!
Eats the rice...
The importance of parameters...
Republicunts sounds like a kickass band name.
In the second to last pic you remind me of Ariel :) love your transformation, the eyebrows are magnificent!
After frantically searching the house for my kitten, I found her napping here