This would never happen at a VA DMV unfortunately. First, the 50s are letter C. Second, they don't put the extra zero at the front. No ticket fun for us on the east coast!!  Sauce: was at VA DMV last week, twice, for the same thing. Was given ticket numbers C53 and C59.  Also, you can make an appointment at your DMV?? I'm living in the wrong state.
This whole conversation made me laugh far more than it should have. Good job :)
Sorry for joining in the chaos and posting an inappropriate picture here. I'll take it down, if you guys haven't already. It's just that I've just lost my reddit home and don't know where to go :(  Thanks for the words of support though. It's really been astounding to see just how much support we're getting from the other subs, even the ones who didn't like FPH at all. Lots of respect to those who are making this purely about the censorship.
Just got my tragus pierced. Earbuds are no longer my friends. What do you use?   I finally got my tragus done today. It was way easier than my cartilage and helix piercings. It hasn't hurt at all since the poke: none of that weird heat or soreness or ache. I've pretty much forgotten that it's there. UNTIL I just put my Apple EarPods in, with the speed and force that I typically do. Holy crap, it hurts now.  You guys with piercings that touch your ear buds, what buds do you use? The hard plastic of the Apple ones is not going to fly while this is healing.
I'd swipe right. But don't think for a second that it wouldn't be 100% because of your sweet, sweet karma.
That escalated quickly.
Dudebro is just like "yeah, cool, man. Whatever. Go away please"
Thank you for saying this. My biggest annoyance is when people tell me there's nothing wrong with me because I don't seem like I'm having issues. Well, yeah, because I'm using up all of my mental energy to act like a normal human being. Sorry, not sorry.  I once broke up with a guy I'd been seeing because he casually mentioned that he didn't think mental disorders were a thing. He told me that depressed people just needed positive thinking, and that I was "locking myself into my disorder" because I had accepted that I had it. I'm surprised I didn't punch him.
acre
How is it not a choice? Burn more calories than you eat. Fat people are *choosing* to eat too much and not work out. And don't cry "medical conditions" because that makes up a very small percentage of overweight people. They just aren't trying hard enough, if at all. Also, most of their actual medical conditions would resolve if they lost weight. [Here's a video of a man who couldn't walk unassisted and still lost weight.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qX9FSZJu448)
Just started watching this show, so I'm still in the honeymoon stage of thinking things like this are really fucking cool. Thanks for posting.
It's ok. I'm female, mid-twenties and I'm also seriously considering finding all the materials to do this.
He moved away yesterday   I have a feeling I'm about to be a more frequent poster in this sub.  First of all, thank you to all of you who offered kind words and encouragement on my last post. Yesterday was the day. He left my apartment and I immediately called my best friend who came over with wine and Christmas movies, which was awesome.  I feel like crying and throwing up. I barely slept last night, my appetite is all but gone, and I'm still doubting that I can even do the long distance thing. SO is so confident that everything will be fine and we'll make it, so I'm hoping his confidence will rub off on me in time, and I'll gain some better faith in myself.  I think what worries me the most is that the move is indefinite. I have a career where I am now, and he has no plans for returning. He's starting a career in this new location. How is it suppose to work if we have no plan of being reunited at some point in the future?
My first question for you, after looking at your website, is: how are you different than sites like Trello or Basecamp? There are tons of collaboration tools out there. I would highlight what makes yours different/better than the rest, or what makes it better for your target audience. I think the customer inclusion is probably a big thing. Also, the x leads to y, y leads to z thing you have going on in the pitch lost me a little.
Was reading an article (linked) and came across this gem of a quote.   "“A lot of doctors and other mental health professionals just throw up their arms, and say, ‘What’s the point of even identifying antisocial personality disorder? What are we going to do with these people?’” said Donald W. Black, M.D., a professor of psychiatry at the University of Iowa Roy J. and Lucille A. Carver College of Medicine in Iowa City."  Not even the mental health professionals know what to do with us.  Also, that is the longest name of a university department college I have ever seen.  [Article here](http://psychcentral.com/blog/archives/2013/04/06/surprising-myths-facts-about-antisocial-personality-disorder/) It's an article titled "Surprising Myths  Facts About ASPD". I'm not sure if the article is worth the read, mainly because I doubt the validity of some of the data. Maybe worth a skim through.
A place for anything to do with goats in trees! Check out the newly stolen and relaunched /r/goatsintrees