Am experiencing the same with ear ringing. It's irritating. :(
I won't do it. I've been wondering about it but now I feel a bit better with others saying no and there are options.  Thank you guys.
Thanks!
Yes CCW :)
Was applying to a job and came across this on online assessment
Thanks, I'll try that.
There were moments...   ...when I find myself, thinking about my mum, my SO, and my best friends... I think about their deaths in my head, having dialogues, and creating scenarios like out of the movie scenes, and dramatic stories.  It's different every time I think about it.  It's not like I think about it every now and then.  For some reason, I constantly think about it at certain times when I'm alone and without any human contact.  My mind is evolving strange forms of thoughts and images.  Does anyone do this? Why do I keep thinking about it? Is it fear of being alone? Is it fear of losing them? I ask myself that but am curious to hear from you... what is it that cause me to think about that?
Just bought Morphe Pro Makeup Eyeshadow "Warm" palette   Can't wait to have it in soon. Looking forward to it!! Do you guys want to have me doing the swatches and show each color?? Let me know and I'd do that :)
I love the colors!! Thanks for sharing!
One pill left...   It's nearly a month since I first got on anti-depressant pills (Lexapro) and it's my first time being on them... it did help a little bit because I felt that I did get my energy back only for a very short time, and I would step out of the house, just to try to do something different and usually that lasts about two hours, sometime longer... and then I get extremely tired nearly every evening.  I would just get home.  There were times when I was really exhausted, I wanted to take a nap.  There were times that I just want to stay awake as much as I can, just to see if I could go to bed early (but that never happened). I then get a burst of energy after 10pm and I would stay awake until 4am or 5am and this occurs every night.  For some reason, I couldn't sleep and I didn't want to get off my computer because I felt like I'm not done with what I want to do.  In the back of my mind, I just feel like it's still gnawing at me, like I am aware that if I take my eyes off, I would feel like I'm back to reality.  When I'm on computer, I feel safe. I escape from that dark feeling.  I just become numb and would lose track of time until I take my eyes off the screen and I see the time. That's when I snap out of it.  I have one pill left in my bottle.  Is it possible to ask for a refill? I know my doctor allows it but my doctor appointment isn't until June.  Do you think I should wait until the appointment and talk to the doctor to increase the dose?  I just feel like it did help so very little, I just think that 10mg is really low for me... if the doctor increase the dose, I think it'll help me greatly with my anxiety and sleeping issues... what do you guys think?
Ulta Super Blender Sponge.
NYX Wonder Stick Highlight and Contour CCW   I created [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/MakeupAddiction/comments/368i68/highlight_contour_ccw/) thread not too long ago, struggling with using NYX Highlight and Contour Pro Palette.  So I wanted something simple and hopefully this time, I am on the right track with the contouring and highlight.  I used NYX Stay Matte but Not Flat Liquid Foundation and the color is Nude and I used NYX Wonder Stick Highlight and Contour - Light/Medium.  Here is the current look WITH the wonder stick: [photos are here](http://imgur.com/a/Kz05b)  Please let me know what you guys think.  P.S. I posted a picture of the pro palette in the earlier thread. If you guys could guide me to select shades that may be a better fit for me to contour and highlight, I would greatly appreciate it for all your help.  Thank you!
Best place to donate clothes?? (preferably around in Henrietta)   I'm looking for other places beside Goodwill...
Yes, I'm in Rochester, NY.
:O I love this set up!!
One step at a time!! :)