Thank you.
Communication (singular brainiac).
Thanks for the well wishes. I have had the help of family before but there comes a point where it becomes a burden to them and also to me for asking.  I have a fixed mailing address and have a Google Voice number with a microphone headset so I am not really disconnected in that sense. Thanks again.
LOL!
Before what?
I receive $200 in food stamps per month. Yes, am still looking (see above). I am not super close with my siblings and have kept my unemployment and homelessness a secret from them out of embarrassment.
I take Bupropion (Wellbutrin) 300mg. it worked for the first 3 months but is starting to fail. I am highly allergic to every other SSRI so trying different meds has been a 25 year failed experiment.
IAmA U.S. man, homeless two years, BA degree, history of Major Depression, AMA   Throwaway. I do this mostly to educate or dispel stigmata attached to homelessness and mental illness in the U.S.. I will not entertain any job offers or any form of assistance, cash or otherwise (thank you kindly just the same).  Some background:  * have slept outdoors for 23 months in a region where winters are very mild * clean-cut, clean-shaven and well-enough-dressed. The only way you would know I'm homeless is if you stumbled upon me at my urban camp site * laid-off from an okay job with benefits in April 2009 due to state budget cuts * BA degree in Communication * medicated for major depression, otherwise mostly healthy * drug-free and sober * possessions are only a sleeping bag, some clothes, a small backpack and a laptop with case * I travel in the same circles as other homeless people but am acquainted with only a few.
Duty now for the future.
Mostly seems to stem from the fact that antidepressants lose much -- but not all of their effectiveness on me within a few months. I've never had anything that could remotely be considered a manic episode in my life -- not even close.  Edit: okay just looked at symptoms of "hypomania", too. Extreme stretch only in that I can be competitive but not even overtly. As for the rest ...  decreased need for sleep, are extremely outgoing and competitive, and have a great deal of energy.   ..not even close.
Because it is a competition. Competition is a law of nature; it is an archetype. Also, in this monolithic capitalist monstrosity we call America, we are taught that success in economic competition equates to a higher social stature. If you are American, what you feel is completely normal.  It is difficult to maintain one's beliefs if they are in direct contradiction to everything that we know and are taught but to do so is the sole indicator of true individuality and that is something we are also taught to aspire to.   Plus, it helps to align one's self with like-minded people; there is greater strength in numbers.
One on one went well, group didn't go well.  Gave up after trying just one group? Group helped me more than anything but it wasn't until the 3rd group that I found one that helped and it helped greatly.  I have huge problems with AA/12 step-type programs but among the few things they got right is this: you cannot help a substance abuser until the abuser hits bottom and wants to help himself. So go ahead and drive yourself down further if that's what it takes. But to some extent, we each get to choose our bottom; it is a choice.  I self-medicated for 40 years; just understand that you are self medicating (all substance abusers are).  What I would like to do, is go back in time ...  Alcohol will take you there and keep you there. You think you wasted time? Again, I wasted 40 years with self-medication. The only healthy choice is to move forward and alcohol will prevent you from ever moving forward.  But you already know all this.
There was a specific judge who envisioned the power of electronic communication in the future (today) and ruled to break up ma bell (AT T). Also huge was the TeleCommunication Act of 1996 (where Bill Clinton and Congress gave media corporations the digital spectrum free of charge).  You should look for docs on Comm history or Comm law. I remember seeing one or two of them in college. They were PBS or 60 minutes or something maybe.  Edit: email any media professor and you'll get a list.
Most unfortunate on so many levels.
AMA request: anyone who has received Social Security Disability for depression (or social workers or attorneys with SSDI experience).   Throwaway.  Need your kind advise on how I can get approved on SSDI for depression. I applied once 3 months ago but I left my application incomplete (didn't resond to SS Admin's follow-up questions) and so was denied.   1. Is it true that I must apply and be denied two more times before I can appeal?  I have been depressed since childhood but wasn't diagnosed until my mid 30s (I'm male, 57, those were different times).   I am also documented as extremely allergic to all SSRI since I was first diagnosed (extreme, explosive dihreahha beginning within 2 hours of ingestion, and then every 45 minutes, lasting for 14 hours).   For 25 years, docs kept trying other SSRIs, one after another (even though I always told them about past extreme side effects), hoping I wouldn't react. I would always abandon each due to the same side effects.  Now 25 years after diagnosis,knowing what we know now, we've tried all the other, older meds but they don't work.  2. How best for me to proceed with the next two claims?  3. Any protips, things to watch out for?  Thanks
ScumbagInc, do you know about /r/depression?