The problem you highlight is a critical one that absolutely must be addressed. When we look at things purely based on profitability or cost effectiveness, we put people's wellbeing at risk. This is especially an issue in healthcare.  We can't have single payer income, doctors will be less rich!!!  Honestly, doctors in single payer countries do quite well. It's a non-issue.
Other civil rights are already restricted. You can't protest in certain areas. You need a permit for assembly if you have enough people. Slander and libel are illegal.   It's just when it comes to guns that people think rights should be completely unrestricted because Americans have a gun sized hole in their brains.
Except the brain of a squid is very close to the beak area. All the chef did there was chop off vital organs, so it's more than likely writing in pain.
For fuck's sake.  That's all I can say about that.
She's not getting better.  Exactly. That's what I wish people in this thread would realize. She's been treated since childhood and institutionalized more than once.  They don't want to acknowledge that sometimes depression is so severe that it can't be treated property and it's cruel to make someone continue living with it.
But that tells you how old the fetus is, not how far along in the pregnancy you are, since you're considered pregnant 2 weeks before conception. As I said, depending on how long implantation took, it can be up to 2 weeks off.  I am actually not pregnant, but I know someone who is and this stuff become fascinating to me.
the child has to say yes, you continue to ignore this. that is the point I am making, no child at the age of 9 is wise enough to decide whether to take their own life.  I am not ignoring it, I am saying I am okay with it because the child doesn't have the only say. The doctors know more about the disease a child might have than anyone else and know how much pain it might put someone in. That's why the Dutch Pediatric Association is backing it. They know exactly how much these kids are suffering.   yes you should let them live instead of killing them based on how much pain they think they are in.  Which is one of the cruelest things you can do. You're okay with it because *you* aren't the one who has to suffer. The child is. What if you begged to die due to the extreme pain and sickness you felt and everyone refused and let you linger in agony?   there is a chance of survival or pain reduction if they are still alive tomorrow, if they have been killed there is no chance of any of these possibly joyous and redemptive moments. a 9 year old cannot understand that, why I am saying they should not be able to say kill me. it very easily could be the worst pain of their life and they can't see an end, but a more wise and experienced person could realize their body might adjust and the pain becomes bearable or a new medicine could emerge making their final months/years very bearable, productive and joyful. a 9-year old just knows it hurts now and if being killed allows that to make the pain stop they might say yes without thinking about what that means or what it means to those they love, who will have to live with thinking "One more day and it might have gotten better" for the rest of their life  Very little chance. Especially for things like cancer and many genetic illnesses. There is a point where the body is so ravaged by disease that there's no going back, even if a miracle cure was found the next day. You're advocating letting kids spend their final moments in agony because of something that's extremely unlikely to happen. I've already showed you that doctors tend to be overly *optimistic* when it comes to determining if a patient is terminal and how long they have to live. They think a patient has a better chance of making it than they really do, not the other way around.  May as well spend your entire paycheck on the lottery with the mentality that basing your actions on something extremely unlikely is practical. Your stance is, "But a miracle might occur!"
If they're terminally ill and in awful pain, it's probably pretty easy.
When Eisenhower did it in the 50s did it bring employment to a screeching halt?
Except our [economic and social mobility](http://www.decisionsonevidence.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/Economic-Mobility-Across-Developed-Countries.png) has been dropping off in the last decades.   You're very likely to remain in the same economic class you were born in in the USA whether you work hard or not.
A person who feels suicidal only because of mental illness is still perfectly valid in their feelings. CMV   Let me just explain my feelings. I know I only feel like I want to die because of my depression. I know if I was mentally healthy I probably wouldn't feel this way, but that doesn't change the fact that I am completely miserable and this probably won't change.  I've had depression ever since I was 9 years old at least, and was put on Paxil at age 10-11, and am now 24 years old. It takes the edge off and I've had some happy moments but overall, living is exhausting and I've yet to see how it's worth experiencing.   Right now I'm in college for history. I know job prospects in that area are pretty much nil, but it's one of the few things I enjoy. Despite liking history, I hate college. I'm doing it because without it I'll likely be working fast food the rest of my life (which might happen anyway). Despite loving history, I hate going to college. It just makes me more depressed and exhausted. Throw in having to work at the same time, and I'm failing to see the point in my continued existence. I have to do something I hate for years in order to try to secure a better future that I don't think will be worth living anyway?   I guess my point is that when I mention this, people just say, "Well, you only feel that way because you have depression." Yeah, that's probably true. But so what? If I decide to live my life and die a miserable old woman, at the end of the day, I was completely miserable my whole life. Does it really make a difference that I was miserable because of a mental illness? I don't think so.   Please understand, I'm not typing this on the edge of a 5 story building about to throw myself off. I intend to finish college since I've already worked so hard at it. I just think it's unfair to say someone is "only" feeling suicidal because of a mental illness. Those feelings are still very real and I don't see the point of a continued existence if that person is through being miserable and wants to die, even if it is caused by mental illness.  One final argument: Yes, mental illness can be treated, but not often cured. Even if it's being treated, it's still there and still having an affect.
The real life Voldemort! I give you Edward Mordake.   He supposedly had an extra face on the back of his head, which could neither eat nor speak, although it could laugh and cry. Edward begged doctors to have his "demon face" removed, because, supposedly, it whispered demonic words to him at night, but no doctor would attempt it. He committed suicide when he was 23.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edward_Mordake  Apparently there is no real record of this guy existing, but I wonder if JK Rowling got her idea from this.
Let's bitch about Disney princesses and totally miss the point.   http://www.tumblr.com/tagged/i%20need%20feminism%20because I'm still not sure how Tumblr works, so in case what's in that link changes here is another pic:http://i50.tinypic.com/243iwqs.jpg  Okay:  Sleeping Beauty: It's annoying when people act like some random prince just raped Aurora. That might have been what happened in the original tale, but not in the Disney movie. In the movie, Aurora and Philip fell in love on their own. They met out in the woods and sang together. Aurora eventually stuck her finger on the spinning wheel, and went to a magically induced sleep until Philip could kill the villain, and kiss her to wake her up. It wasn't as if Phillip came across a sleeping woman and decided to rape her here. They were already in love and he just had to kiss her to wake her up. In what way is that anything like rape? If you want to bitch about the original tale go ahead, but that's not what the Disney version did.  Snow White: I've always felt that the true heroes were the drawfs, not the prince. The drawfs opened their home to SW and cared about her. They didn't make her cook and clean for them; she chose to. There was a homeless child wandering around the forest, and they adopted her. The prince just kind of happened among them and decided to kiss a corpse. He didn't protect her in any way.  Ariel: Ariel didn't change her body and leave her family for Eric. She did that because she wanted to be human. She wouldn't have met Prince Eric at all if she hadn't been going to the surface to spy on humans.   Jasmin: Well, this is true for the time Jasmin was written to exist in. But in the end she chose to marry Aladdin, who was worth nothing politically. And her choice was accepted and supported. What's to bitch about here?  Belle: I'm confused here. Is this saying appearances don't matter to the guy as long as the girl is pretty? Belle's appearance isn't what made the Beast fall for her. It was because she was smart (all that reading she did) and wanted to help him. In the deleted scenes it even shows Bell teaching the Beast to read. That's why he liked her.   Cinderella: Or maybe if you keep your chin up, try your best, and believe in yourself even in bad situations, good things can happen and you'll be rewarded?
Taye Diggs - parenting isn't that hard.   http://mybrownbaby.com/2011/12/taye-diggs-says-fatherhood-is-a-little-scary%E2%80%94but-easy-and-romantic/  I know this article is over a year old, but it made me chuckle. I'm a huge Broadway fan, and a fan of Idina Menzel, Taye's wife, so I watched some interviews with them after the baby was born. They mentioned having a nanny, a cook, and at one point, a driver.  No, I imagine parenting wouldn't be at all difficult with all that. But the scary thing is, when this article first came out, on Broadway forums were saying, "See, parenting isn't that hard, you just have to love each other!" I hope they won't think their baby comes with three people for help too. :X
We can all agree female circumcision is bad, right?    So many people say you can't compare female circ to male circ because of these things:  -Female circumcision removes the clitoris, which would be like removing the entire penis in a male  -Female circ is only performed to diminish sexual stimulation in the female  -Female circ is done in dirty conditions with pieces of class, inviting infection and death  -Female circ ruins lives  I don't deny all this is true in certain parts of the world, like a lot of countries in Africa. But too many people are unaware of other types of female circumcision, which can very easily be compared to male:  -In places like much of Egypt and Indonesia, the clitoris isn't removed. Only the clitoral hood is removed. This is very similar to removing the foreskin in the male. The development of both types of prepuce is the same. Both uncover the glans during sexual stimulation, both are fused to the glans at birth, and both collect smegma.   -This type isn't done to diminish sexuality. It's done because they believe it to be cleaner, healthier, and more visually appealing.   -This type is very rarely done in huts with pieces of glass. Doctors in hospitals do it with sterile equipment.  -Women who have had this type done to them seem happy with it. Let me post two links:  http://aandes.blogspot.com/2010/04/circumcision.html  This one is a blog written by an Indonesian woman. In the blog, she talks about taking her daughter to the hospital and having her circumcised. She says her daughter never cried, and she herself had it done as a baby.   http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcJNAtn-c6Ifeature=youtu.be  This second link is about circumcision in Egypt, mostly of women. The women interviewed said they enjoy their circumcised bodies, will have it done to their daughters, and they go on to describe how safe it is since it's done by a doctor, how much healthier it is, and how much cleaner it is.   Now, for the record, I believe even this form of female circumcision should be illegal. It's body modification on a child. But what's striking how similar it is to how we view male circumcision in America.
Do you know anyone really gross?   One of my aunt's friends. She says using a lot of water is wasteful, so she only showers once a week, and even then, she doesn't use any soap. She doesn't brush her teeth and only washes her clothes in water(after several wears). Anyway, she was telling us toilet paper is bad for the environment. She said she didn't use it unless she had diarrhea. She also never flushes the toilet unless there is poop.