This made me smile. I'm not OP, but thank you.
Oh my god! Thanks for posting. I thought the whole thing was original. Family Guy also parodied this but I never knew where it'd come from until now!
He's the type of person that's really sexy but there's something about him that neutralizes it a bit. I feel like I would actually enjoy hanging out with him. But I've also heard from a reliable source that he knows nothing so conversation-wise he might not be that fun.
So unique! It looks great as it is, but do you plan to colour it by any chance? Missandei in particular looks like she'll look even more beautiful with some vibrant colours.  By the way when I read the title I was like "NOO Missandei wouldn't steal Dany's man!" XD
I kind of smile remembering Lilly Allen's song about her brother. If that song bore any truth he came a long way. I've always enjoyed his scenes, whether they were heartwarming (with Robb) or utterly despicable (Winterfell siege). Really well-rounded. His Reek performance feels so genuine, I want to buy him a good cup of tea and tell him he can still make things right. ... though knowing GRRM I don't know where he could begin...
Sometimes /r/food baffles me. OP shares a nice dessert recipe, something you may wanna try out when you feel like it, and people are either criticizing the time required for prepping the dish or fighting over the potential loss of vitamin c. If you don't like it why not just hit back and move along?
I have never met you and yet I had the biggest smile on my face as I read your post. I missed the first one but I'm so glad I got to see both today! I'm as old as your bf (albeit I'm a girl and straight) and am in a relationship and yet I'M SO JELLY 3 I feel like hugging you, screaming in joy alongside you, do other kind of nonsensical stuff in celebration. I wish you guys all the best!
I hate toxic players/ragers and am in S5 myself, but I think you need to just ignore this type of people from the get go and forget. I have a feeling you're fairly young (correct me if I'm wrong) and his words may seem very personal to you. Trust me, it's not.  Also I think this goes against the subreddit rule "no personal sob stories". Just a heads up for the next time.
I remember there was another SRD with people asking OP for the original source when he changed captions of an ad and he got really defensive. He ended the conversation by saying something along the line of "whatever, I'm going to bed and have sex. Bye, losers". So this is what it boils down to in the end? Apparently no one else on the internet is having sex besides these guys?  I get they want to just end the argument. Sometimes people just can't come to an understanding or compromise at all. But to go out with that "doesn't matter, I'm having sex" remark... He may be in his late twenties but his mindset doesn't seem mature enough to consider marriage.
Man this seems trivial to all the others here.  I have a lot of work to do and an assignment due pretty soon for my night-time grad school. I don't even know what I'm doing in that program; I feel like I don't retain anything and I'm just wasting money and time.
I think that's an excellent point worth digging into. But in the end he set his weapon loose to wreak havoc and tried to profit from it. I wouldve been more sympathetic about Syndrome's good boy gone bad personality otherwise.
"Dude are you sure this is how it's done?"
You captured each movement so perfectly! *resist making a pun*  This would make a really great sticker series 3  Edit: Just found out you only ship within the US :( Too bad.
"What are you, gay?" The phrase it self is totally dull but the context was flawless. A close second would be the one about how the spirit is willing but the body is spongy and bruised. :p
Hugs. I love her coat pattern and white socks. I'm sure you and your mom made a loving home for her. Hopefully she'll be having a lot of fun with other kitties in heaven until you guys get to see her again.
She is beautiful! It kind of hurts my ego because I'd like to think my cat is the most handsome cat in the whole wide world...  Edit: Wow so much hostility for just posting a link to a picture of my cat. Link removed.  Edit2: The link is back up in one of my comments below. Again I'd like to clarify I didn't want to steal attention away from OP or want people to affirm my (jokingly said) statement about my cat being the most beautiful.