If he's saying things like this to you, and insisting on doing things that make you uncomfortable, then, to me at least, it doesn't sound like he's in it for 'you' or 'us'. It sounds a lot like he's just in it for him. If he's not making an effort to understand what you're going through and support you, than I'm with scratch on this one - start exploring your options. Yes, it's scary trying to think of the future when you're so unsure of the present. But don't let that further cripple you. Talk to your parents about moving in with them temporarily until you can get back on your feet, financially and emotionally. If he isn't taking the steps to help you, then start taking steps to help yourself. Small ones at first, bigger ones when you feel more confident. But the small steps are important, because each small step leads to a small victory, and with each small victory, you come closer to a larger victory - those big steps you can take. And while you're winning those small victories, your confidence will grow. Take care of yourself. If you feel you don't matter to him, don't let that effect your mindset. You do matter. You are worth the fight. If not to him, then to someone who can and will support you and seek to understand you. I hope you the best of luck in whatever you choose to do, and  I sincerely hope that your situation does improve. Keep fighting. It's worth it. It may not be easy, but it is worth it.
You're welcome!
I'm so sorry to hear that. The loss of a family member is traumatic. Throughout my life, I've lost my grandfather, my uncle, and most recently my aunt. I didn't really know my grandfather (I was young), but my uncle and my aunt, I was pretty close to at points in my life. Losing them was hard.  As for your relationship - you are -not- ruining your relationship because you're mourning for your mother. Maybe he should take a step back and think - maybe he's ruining it. I'm sorry, but it doesn't really sound like -he's- invested in it, especially if he's cheated on you. And telling you to 'get over it'? That's ruthless. You just lost your mother, there's no way you can just 'get over it', and if he were more compassionate, he'd understand. He'd be there for you. I'm sorry, but he sounds toxic, and he just may not be the one for you, because if he truly loved you, he'd be supporting you through this. You're going through a very dark time, and what you need is a light to help guide you when you lose the path, and keep you warm while you rest. They should be a shelter to the storm, not the storm itself. I'm sorry, I don't mean to sound judgmental, but you may need to reconsider your current situation with him, weigh the pro's and con's of staying with him, and if the con's outweigh the pro's.... go from there. Do what you have to do to keep yourself going. And if you find yourself in a dark place again, and he's not giving you the emotional support you need, come back here. Lurk other posts, read the comments - you might find someone in a similar position, or with similar experiences. I hope this helps, even if a little. Take care of yourself. You're worth it.
Music and reading. And a bit of writing from time to time. Writing helps me get things off my chest, music helps me explore the ways I'm feeling, and reading helps me articulate my thoughts.
Do it! Do it, do it, do it! For the longest time, I kept the darkest of my thoughts and emotions to myself. This sub has changed that in a lot of ways. Not only have I been opening up to other people, but other people have opened up to me, and it's helped - not only them, but myself.  And for everyone else looking for friends - post! Post what you're going through, post your experiences, and see where it goes from there. A lot of people here are willing to help you through the storm to the safety of a calm port. And I'm glad Digital now counts himself among them!
Good - going to /PTSD is a step in a good direction, and I hope someone there can help you. And I truly hope that this storm passes for you. Good luck, and take care.
Thirded.
When the darkness sets in, and colors begin to fade, now is not the time to get lost in the haze. Now is the time to get your paint, get your paint brushes, and paint in the colors you want. Depression is hard, and it does suck the color out of the world. So, within your mind, become a street-tagger, become a street artist - add the color you want to see.
Have you been checked for Post Traumatic Stress Disorder?
If you don't have any plans, I'd suggest coming here and being open and honest about what you're dealing with, and what the day means to you. But the most important thing that I noticed about what you just said is this - "Two years ago". You made it past that date once already, you can do it again. You've shown that strength once, and that strength is still inside you. But again, if you're having trouble, maybe put aside to come here and ask for help. There are a lot of people here who can - and will - help you through that day.  There's no reason for you to face it alone.
In regards to my own depression, yeah - I've had those days. I wake up feeling like I can actually face the day, only to have it ruined somehow, at some point. By the end of the day, I feel exhausted, mentally and physically, and when I get home, I don't want to do anything.  My best advice to you would be to speak to a doctor, explain to them your situation, and most of all - be honest. A good doctor will do everything in their power to help you, especially if they find that you are suffering from depression.
That's rough. When I was young, because of my depression, I used to fake being sick a lot so I wouldn't have to go. I got picked on and bullied quite a bit, mainly because compared to all the other guys, I'm tiny. But one thing that time has taught me is that what you're experiencing is temporary - keep moving forward, get through school, if you have no one else trying to help you maintain your happiness, then take it into your own hands and do whatever it takes to make yourself happy. Friends are an extension of your happiness, not the definition. You may hear a lot of people (older people) say that 'high school was the best years of their life!'. But that doesn't hold true for all of us. High school were some of my worst years of my life. But I made it through, and you can too. When you get past this moment and into the next (whether it be college or a job or what have you), you have a chance at a new beginning. That's another lesson life has taught me - life is full of new beginnings. Even if you take it day by day, every day is a new beginning. I hope this helps, and again - you're going through a rough situation by anyone's standards, regardless of their age. But there are some of us who have been through similar situations, and if we can make it through, you can too. A quote from the ancient Samurai helps me with this - "six times down, seven times up"; what this means is when you fall, pick yourself up. If you fall again, then pick yourself up again. I'll be honest with you, it's not easy, but it's worth it. You're worth it. Take care, and remember - there's always this sub for you to bring your thoughts and feelings to, and obviously people who are at least willing to listen. Sometimes, that's all you need, is someone to listen.
You're welcome. Take care, and - once more with feeling - don't give up.
No problem. Take care of yourself. :)
Hopefully you find one someday. Don't give up hope just because you haven't found one yet.
I can relate. I work in customer service at a gas-station, and because of some of our policies, I deal with a lot of blatant hostility. On top of that, I've suffered depression all my life - so waking up to face the day sometimes is almost more than I can handle. I'm not afraid to admit that some days, I wake up in tears because I just -do not want to go-. What I'm doing right now for my situation is exploring other job options, while showing up to work every day and telling myself one simple thing - "I can do this. I did this yesterday and the day before, I can do it today". As for your depression, find someone you can talk to who you can trust to take you seriously, if you haven't already. But as for today, I wish you the best of luck.