That's such an incredibly kind thing to say! Thank you. After reading the comments in this discussion today and thinking about what I'd like to do in the future, I think that volunteer work could be a really great option for me. If there's one thing that still makes me feel good, it's helping other people. And I'd really like to be someone who does that on a regular basis.
Thank you very much :)
Well, I know that I wouldn't be able to tend bar ever because I'm a grandma already and I cannot stay up late for the life of me haha. But I did wait tables to put myself through school and I'm strongly considering going back to it while taking classes or doing an apprenticeship/internship/volunteer work. The tips were excellent.
Nah that's what I've been most afraid of. Thanks to all the advice here I think a discrete "freelancing while taking care of a medical issue" is going to be my plan. Neither is a lie since I actually have done a small amount of freelancing and I've been taking care of a very big issue :)
I'm so so sorry for your loss, but very happy to hear that you've managed to land your dream job, that's amazing!
Aw thanks! I figured I would ask here before the employment subreddit a because I thought I'd get more empathetic feedback around the whole story here and because I thought that it might be relevant to others trying to get over the same hump :)   I think the conclusion I've come to really is that I should ease back into it with something part time. It's been kind of hard to swallow my pride and admit that I'm not going to be in a competitive position in my field right away and that's ok-- it's a step forward and for the first time in a long time, the right direction.  Thank you for the feedback-- I really do feel weirdly just less alone knowing that others can relate to how hard the step back into the real world is.
Thank you for the offer! I'm not able to send you my resume tonight but I would really appreciate feedback if I can shoot you a PM tomorrow!
Eh I'm well out of school but I'm seriously considering a service job so you're not at all off there :)
Haha if I ever get there I certainly will. It's an uphill battle!
Thanks! This is my first time having to ever re-enter the workforce. I'd always had a job since I was 16 and not knowing what is acceptable plus being ashamed of my depression had been hard to manage but this makes me feel much less anxious about explaining away my little sabbatical. Next step is feeling confident enough in myself to feel like I can actually perform a job- I'm hoping this comes with some more time and work in therapy.
Ooh I wish it was that. Backpacking around Europe would probably be way more fun than being depressed haha
Thank you! It's much appreciated.
Thanks, that's what I think would be best. As much as I eventually want to get back to working full time and feeling like I'm a proper member of society again, I think wading into it is my best bet. The last thing I want is to overwhelm myself and break down again. I guess part of my anxiety is based on the pressure I've felt from everyone to "just get a job already" and the guilt I feel for being so dependent at my age, but I really do need to ee acclimate myself and do what's best for me. Thanks so much for the advice. It's nice to hear from other people who have managed to get back up on their feet.
Thanks that's a nice way of thinking about it :)
Thanks, that's a good option. I feel shitty lying but I know that's what I gotta do.
High fiving or one chain link fence from a mauling??