Something I've noticed about my depression   I feel like everyone thinks they can relate to what I'm feeling. Any time I tell someone of my insecurities, they reflect with "I feel that way too," or "Everyone gets that way sometimes." They don't realize that it eats me alive. I can't live with my mistakes, myself. You might not think your pretty, but I think I'm freakishly hideous. You might not want to get out of bed, but I don't want to wake up in the morning. You might feel embarrassed by an awkward first encounter, but I can't stop thinking about it until I crumble. You might wonder if someone does or doesn't like you, I pray that someone in the world can stand to be around me.  And no matter what I say, no one seems to understand the gravity of my fears and pain.
I'm glad I could help(:
Thanks(:
Also, I think it's worth noting that if you genuinely thought your hair didn't look good, say something like "Oh you think so? Thanks so much! I was feeling insecure about it." Be nice and let them know that they were being nice to you. No one needs to know that you have deep rooted self image problems.
Woow. You are gorgeous! Even in bad lighting, I absolutely love this look. Plus I'm super jealous of your brows.
Yeah, I've been looking at that one this afternoon, and it looks really awesome. Still deciding if I want to dish out the money for it though.
Made me think of this...  http://bifftees.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/58coon.png
Never make a student do something *your* way (i.e. take notes, etc.) This should be obvious, but I had a teacher that required us to take handwritten notes every class. Instead of doing this, I just didn't take notes at all. No way in hell I'm writing all that down by hand.  Also, make sure you *know* and research when you teach. I mean, if someone asks a question and you answer with "I'm not sure, but I think..." that's fine. But that same teacher I had spewed crap all the time because she never researched any of the topics she talked about.  I'm sure these are two pretty obvious things, but I'm just telling you the two most awful thing my worst teacher did to me. I wish you the best of luck! Enjoy your time, and your students may follow.
I don't see how this is cringe worthy...
I'm so sorry; I feel awful for you. I've had those days, and they suck. I wish there was a way I could help you, but just know I'm sending all my good thoughts your way. I hope everyone here has made you feel at least a little better and know that we all feel for you and wish you didn't have to go through this. Hold on... it'll get better.
Thank you so much.
Okay, I'll consider that. Thank you.
You're amazing!! Keep it up, you really have a talent there!
I'm confused... Today is your cake day.
You know, there's a reason we have subreddits like /r/confession ... If this were real, it wouldn't be posted here.
I'm sorry I didn't really make that clear. We basically never bring up religion with her. We pray before meals, but that's all.  We don't regularly go to mass, but she wouldn't have to go if she chose not to. We may mention that we feel blessed because something happened, but we wouldn't get into a deep discussion about how God granted us life and it's good, etc. etc.  When she brings it up, she goes into lengthy discussions of "with logic, the Christian God is easily disproven" or something along those lines. I have never said to her face that "God is an obvious fact of life" because no one really knows. Yet she has to shove down our throats that she doesn't believe in God, when we honestly are fine with that.  If we were making her uncomfortable and she spoke her mind, I would understand. But it's more like there is a break in the conversation and she'll say "so I saw this article" and go into a religious rant. I would never do that for her sake, yet she doesn't have the same courtesy for me.  I have friends who are atheist, and we get along fine. We either don't bring up religion, or when we do, we agree to disagree. Just conversation, not debate. My sister just thinks (and she's made this clear, I'm not just saying this) that as an ateist, she is discriminated against, which she most definitely is not.