These are some of the albums that I listen to often (in no particular order):   * 1) Because The Internet by Childish Gambino * 2) The First Days of Spring by Noah and the Whale * 3) Parachutes by Coldplay  * 4) The 1975 by The 1975 * 5) Nothing Was The Same by Drake
[It's Not Your Fault](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UYa6gbDcx18)
You and me both
I will agree with you. Although I have not worn a jock strap in years, I used to wear them when I played baseball. Compression shorts bundle up your jewels too much. I don't understand the fear of jock straps.
I have been in a similar situation before. A person can only take so much; there will come a day when you will have reached your limit. She also probably isn't going to change
I really appreciated reading this. Thanks for sharing
I will probably take some of my weaknesses to my grave. That may be sad but it is honest. I definitely cannot show how sensitive I am or when I'm hurt. Everyone has their moments when they just want to be held. Everyone has their moments when they want to be little spoon. But as man, I am expected to erase all of those sentiments from my memory.   The world is not a good place.
Exactly this. I was at a point in the relationship where it didn't matter what my friends or family said. I was the one who actively chose her, every time. Thankfully, it hit me one day and I realized that she wasn't going to change. So I got up and left.
I just was forced out of my OCD closet last week. There are plenty of people that I have not told. There are plenty of people that I will probably never tell about my OCD.   I hid it from my family and closest friends for four years. Mainly, I thought I was schizophrenic instead of an OCD sufferer. However, I eventually found the courage to tell a friend.   This is my advice to you: everyone does not need to know. Don't be ashamed of it, but also know that you are taking a risk if you choose to place yourself on public display for OCD. Also, know that there are people who understand. You will meet plenty of people who simply do not understand.
After reading the comments in this thread, I noticed that most people have commented about mothers who were overbearing or manipulative. However, what about mothers who walked out on their sons or who are negligent?   I have a habit of choosing women who are similar to my mother or father; I don't have a good relationship with either of them. I love my mum but she was not there for me, emotionally. Consequently, I tend to choose girls who are emotionally absent. However, I will agree that approval seeking is a big piece of this.
Quicksand   I just started talking to people about my feelings within the past two years. Most people don't know I have depression because I severely mask my feelings. My best friend believes I've been depressed for years, but she never said anything. Anyways, here is the problem.   I've been diagnosed with OCD, but I've also been diagnosed with clinical depression. I feel as if I'm sinking into this pit of quicksand and I cannot do anything to stop it.   * I go to counseling, but I don't feel as if I'm getting anywhere * My sleep is becoming progressively worse * I'm extremely exhausted all of the time. I have huge bags under my eyes, so I'm surprised no one has noticed.  * Constant headaches * I have zero focus, which is bad because I'm in grad school * I don't have a strong support system  * I'm starting to feel like a burden to the friends who know about my depression   Ultimately, I feel as if there is nothing I can do to help myself.  Suggestions or advice?
I can sing, well; I don't mean this in a pretentious way, either. Most people don't consider this to be manly but I really don't care. However, most women enjoy a man with a voice.
A Tale of Two Citiez, easily. The middle of the cd is basically my favorite: A Tale of Two Citiez, Fire Squad,   St. Tropez
Managing Emotions
For reference: I'm 6'0 and weigh about 195  1) Generally, I do like how I look. I have been called "handsome, hot, gorgeous, etc.".   2) Sadly, yes I tend to focus on my flaws which brings me to the next question  3) Man boobs. I have lost 40 pounds within the past year and a half. However, even at 11% body fat, I still have some remaining chest fat. They are my biggest insecurity.   4) I would rate my attention to appearance at 8/10  5) I am confident in my appearance at about 6/10
It's been about 6 years for me. At first, I thought I had schizophrenia; it was very debilitating. And it sucks because I come from a rough family life so they have no idea I have OCD. I do know of worse cases, but mine was to the point where I thought suicide might have been better than life with OCD